300 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2018 Annual Report Linda B. Bammann 4 Retired Deputy Head of Risk Management JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Financial services) James A. Bell 1 Retired Executive Vice President The Boeing Company (Aerospace) Stephen B. Burke 2, 3 Chief Executive Officer NBCUniversal, LLC (Television and entertainment) Todd A. Combs 4, 5 Investment Officer Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Conglomerate) James S. Crown 4 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Henry Crown and Company (Diversified investments) James Dimon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Financial services) Timothy P. Flynn 1, 5 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KPMG (Professional services) Mellody Hobson 1, 5 President Ariel Investments, LLC (Investment management) Laban P. Jackson, Jr. 1 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Clear Creek Properties, Inc. (Real estate development) Michael A. Neal 4 Retired Vice Chairman General Electric Company; Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer GE Capital (Industrial and financial services) Lee R. Raymond 2, 3 Lead Independent Director JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Exxon Mobil Corporation (Oil and gas) William C. Weldon 2, 3 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Johnson & Johnson (Healthcare products) Member of: 1 Audit Committee 2 Compensation & Management Development Committee 3 Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee 4 Directors’ Risk Policy Committee 5 Public Responsibility Committee Board of Directors Operating Committee James Dimon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel E. Pinto Co-President and Chief Operating Officer; CEO, Corporate & Investment Bank Gordon A. Smith Co-President and Chief Operating Officer; CEO, Consumer & Community Banking Ashley Bacon Chief Risk Officer Lori Beer Chief Information Officer Mary Callahan Erdoes CEO, Asset & Wealth Management Stacey Friedman General Counsel Marianne Lake Chief Financial Officer Robin Leopold Head of Human Resources Douglas B. Petno CEO, Commercial Banking Peter L. Scher Head of Corporate Responsibility; Chairman of the Mid-Atlantic Region Other Corporate Officers Molly Carpenter Secretary Joseph M. Evangelisti Corporate Communications Nicole Giles Firmwide Controller Lou Rauchenberger General Auditor Jason R. Scott Investor Relations JPMorgan Chase & Co./2018 Annual Report 301 JPMorgan Chase Vice Chairs Asia Pacific Australia and New Zealand Paul Uren China Mark Leung Hong Kong Filippo Gori Japan Steve Teru Rinoie Korea Tae Jin Park South and South East Asia Kalpana Morparia Indonesia Haryanto T. Budiman Malaysia Steve R. Clayton Philippines Carlos Ma. G Mendoza Singapore Edmund Y . Lee Thailand M.L. Chayotid Kridakon Taiwan Carl K. Chien Vietnam Van Bich Phan Europe/Middle East/Africa Africa, Central & Eastern Europe, Kazakhstan, Middle East, Pakistan, Russia and Turkey Sjoerd Leenart Bahrain, Egypt and Lebanon Ali Moosa Kazakhstan and Russia Yan L. Tavrovsky Middle East and North Africa Khaled Hobballah Karim Tannir Saudi Arabia Bader A. Alamoudi Sub-Saharan Africa Marc J. Hussey Kevin G. Latter Turkey Mustafa Bagriacik Austria, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Nordics and Switzerland Dorothee Blessing Austria Anton J. Ulmer Ireland Carin Bryans Israel Roy Navon Switzerland Nick Bossart Belgium, France, Greece, Iberia, Italy and the Netherlands Kyril Courboin Belgium Tanguy A. Piret Iberia Ignacio de la Colina Italy Francesco Cardinali The Netherlands Peter A. Kerckhoffs Luxembourg Pablo Garnica Latin America/Caribbean Andean, Caribbean and Central America Moises Mainster Colombia Angela Hurtado Argentina Facundo D. Gomez Minujin Brazil José Berenguer Chile Alfonso Eyzaguirre Mexico Felipe Garcia-Moreno North America Ca nada David E. Rawlings Senior Country Officers and Location Heads Regional Chief Executive Officers Asia Pacific Nicolas Aguzin Europe/Middle East/Africa Viswas Raghavan Latin America/Canada Martin G. Marron Phyllis J. Campbell John L. Donnelly Jacob A. Frenkel Mark S. Garvin Vittorio U. Grilli Walter A. Gubert Mel R. Martinez David Mayhew E. John Rosenwald 302 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2018 Annual Report Rt. Hon. Tony Blair Chairman of the Council Former Prime Minister of Great Britain and Northern Ireland London, United Kingdom The Hon. Robert M. Gates Vice Chairman of the Council Partner RiceHadleyGates LLC Washington, District of Columbia Bernard Arnault Chairman and Chief Executive Officer L VMH Moët Hennessy — Louis Vuitton Paris, France Paul Bulcke Member of the Board of Directors Nestlé S.A. Vevey, Switzerland Jamie Dimon* Chairman and Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York John Elkann Chairman Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N. V . Torino, Italy Martin Feldstein Professor of Economics Harvard University Cambridge, Massachusetts Ignacio Galán Chairman Iberdrola, S.A. Madrid, Spain Armando Garza Sada Chairman of the Board ALFA Nuevo León, Mexico Alex Gorsky Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Johnson & Johnson New Brunswick, New Jersey Herman Gref Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Executive Board Sberbank Moscow, Russia William B. Harrison, Jr. Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York The Hon. Carla A. Hills Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hills & Company International Consultants Washington, District of Columbia The Hon. John Howard OM AC Former Prime Minister of Australia Sydney, Australia Joe Kaeser President and Chief Executive Officer Siemens AG Munich, Germany The Hon. Henry A. Kissinger Chairman Kissinger Associates, Inc. New York, New York Jorge Paulo Lemann Director The Kraft Heinz Company Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Nancy McKinstry Chief Executive Officer Wolters Kluwer Alphen aan den Rijn, The Netherlands Amin H. Nasser President and Chief Executive Officer Saudi Aramco Dhahran, Saudi Arabia The Hon. Condoleezza Rice Partner RiceHadleyGates LLC Stanford, California Paolo Rocca Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tenaris Buenos Aires, Argentina Nassef Sawiris Chief Executive Officer OCI N. V . London, United Kingdom Ratan Naval Tata Chairman Emeritus Tata Trusts Mumbai, India Joseph C. Tsai Executive Vice Chairman Alibaba Group Hong Kong, China The Hon. Tung Chee Hwa GBM Vice Chairman National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference Hong Kong, China Masahiko Uotani President and Group Chief Executive Officer Shiseido., Ltd. Tokyo, Japan Cees J.A. van Lede Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Board of Management Akzo Nobel Amsterdam, The Netherlands Douglas A. Warner III Former Chairman of the Board JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York Jaime Augusto Zobel de Ayala Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ayala Corporation Makati City, Philippines J.P . Morgan International Council * Ex-officio Corporate headquarters 383 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10179-0001 Telephone: 212-270-6000 jpmorganchase.com Annual Report on Form 10-K The Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will be made available without charge upon request to: Office of the Secretary JPMorgan Chase & Co. 4 New York Plaza New York, NY 10004-2413 Stock listing New York Stock Exchange The New York Stock Exchange ticker symbol for the common stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is JPM. Financial information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. can be accessed by visiting the Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com. Additional questions should be addressed to: Investor Relations JPMorgan Chase & Co. 277 Park Avenue, Floor 43 New York, NY 10172-0003 Telephone: 212-270-7325 Directors To contact any of the Board members or committee chairs, the Lead Independent Director or the non-management directors as a group, please mail correspondence to: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Attention (Board member(s)) Office of the Secretary 4 New York Plaza New York, NY 10004-2413 The Corporate Governance Principles of the Board, the charters of the principal Board committees, the Code of Conduct, the Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals and other governance information can be accessed by visiting our website at jpmorganchase.com and clicking on “Governance” under the “About us” tab. Transfer agent and registrar Computershare 480 Washington Boulevard Jersey City, NJ 07310-2053 Telephone: 800-758-4651 www.computershare.com/investor Investor Services Program JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investor Services Program offers a variety of convenient, low-cost services to make it easier to reinvest dividends and buy and sell shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. common stock. A brochure and enrollment materials may be obtained by contacting the Program Administrator, Computershare, by calling 800-758-4651, by writing to the address indicated above or by visiting its website at www-us.computershare.com/investor. Direct deposit of dividends For information about direct deposit of dividends, please contact Computershare. Stockholder inquiries Contact Computershare: By telephone: Within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 800-758-4651 (toll free) From all other locations: 201-680-6862 (collect) TDD service for the hearing impaired within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 800-231-5469 (toll free) All other locations: 201-680-6610 (collect) By regular mail: Computershare P.O. Box 505000 Louisville, KY 40233 United States By overnight delivery: Computershare 462 South 4th Street Suite 1660 Louisville, KY 40202 United States Duplicate mailings If you receive duplicate mailings because you have more than one account listing and you wish to consolidate your accounts, please write to Computershare at the address above. Independent registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 300 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10017 © 2019 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. Printed in the U.S.A. “JPMorgan Chase,” “J.P. Morgan,” “Chase,” the Octagon symbol and other words or symbols in this report that identify JPMorgan Chase services are service marks of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Other words or symbols in this report that identify other parties’ goods or services may be trademarks or service marks of those other parties. This Annual Report is printed on paper made from well-managed forests and other controlled sources. The paper is independently certified by Bureau Veritas Quality International according to Forest Stewardship Council® standards.