Corporate Governance | Tesla Investor Relations Cybertruck Foundation Logo Cybertruck Foundation Logo Cybertruck Logo Skip to main content Tesla homepage Investor Relations Skip to main content Dashboard Impact SEC Filings Corporate Governance Press Releases Account Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Leadership Elon Musk Tom Zhu Vaibhav Taneja Board of Directors Elon Musk Robyn&nbsp;M. Denholm Ira Ehrenpreis Joe Gebbia James Murdoch Kimbal Musk JB Straubel Kathleen Wilson-Thompson Jack Hartung A message from Robyn Denholm, our Board Chair The Board of Directors of Tesla, Inc. (the "Company") sets high standards for the Company's employees, officers and directors. Implicit in this philosophy is the importance of sound corporate governance. It is the duty of the Board of Directors to serve as a prudent fiduciary for shareholders and to oversee the management of the Company's business. To fulfill its responsibilities and to discharge its duty, the Board of Directors follows the procedures and standards that are set forth in these guidelines. These guidelines are subject to modification from time to time as the Board of Directors deems appropriate in the best interests of the Company or as required by applicable laws and regulations. Committee Composition Audit Audit Robyn M. Denholm Chairperson Financial expert Independent director Joe Gebbia Independent director Member James Murdoch Independent director Member Jack Hartung Financial expert Independent director Member Disclosure Controls Disclosure Controls Robyn M. Denholm Chairperson Financial expert Independent director James Murdoch Independent director Member Kathleen Wilson-Thompson Independent director Member Compensation Compensation Ira Ehrenpreis Chairperson Independent director Robyn M. Denholm Financial expert Independent director Member Kathleen Wilson-Thompson Independent director Member Nominating and Governance Nominating and Governance Ira Ehrenpreis Chairperson Independent director Robyn M. Denholm Financial expert Independent director Member James Murdoch Independent director Member Kathleen Wilson-Thompson Independent director Member Governance Documents Corporate Governance Guidelines Audit Committee Charter Compensation Committee Charter Disclosure Controls Committee Charter Nominating and Governance Committee Charter Code of Business Ethics Footer Tesla © 2026 Subscription Preferences Contact &amp; FAQ Privacy &amp; Legal