Apple Events - Apple Apple Events Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV &amp; Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0 + Apple Events Apple Event Get to know the next generation of iPhone — iPhone&nbsp;17&nbsp;Pro, iPhone&nbsp;17, and the all-new iPhone&nbsp;Air. Explore the new AirPods&nbsp;Pro&nbsp;3 featuring the world’s best in-ear Active Noise Cancellation. And discover the latest Apple&nbsp;Watch family, which provides more powerful health insights than ever. Video replay of today’s event will be available shortly. Video replay of today’s event will be available shortly. Watch the event Watch in ASL Here’s what we announced. iPhone&nbsp;17&nbsp;Pro The most powerful iPhone ever. Breakthrough battery life. Our best display ever with Ceramic Shield 2 on the front, the powerful A19 Pro chip, all 48MP rear cameras, and the new Center Stage front camera. Learn more iPhone&nbsp;Air The thinnest iPhone ever with the power of pro inside. More durable than any previous iPhone. Our best display ever with Ceramic Shield 2 on the front. The powerful A19 Pro chip. An advanced 48MP Fusion camera system. And the new Center Stage front camera. Learn more iPhone&nbsp;17 Even more delightful. Even more durable. Our best display ever with ProMotion up to 120Hz and the new Ceramic Shield 2 on the front. An advanced 48MP Dual Fusion camera system. And the new Center Stage front camera. Learn more AirPods&nbsp;Pro&nbsp;3 Featuring the world’s best in-ear Active Noise Cancellation. 1 Exceptional sound quality. All-new heart rate sensing during workouts. 2 Live Translation to communicate across languages. 3 And improved battery life with up to 8 hours of listening time. 4 Learn more Apple&nbsp;Watch&nbsp;Series&nbsp;11 The ultimate way to watch your health. Wake up to your sleep score. Get notified of chronic high blood pressure. 5 Boost your fitness with new Workout Buddy. 6 And enjoy up to 24 hours of battery life. 7 Learn more Apple&nbsp;Watch&nbsp;SE&nbsp;3 All-new essentials for a great value. Now you can track your sleep score. Get richer health insights in the Vitals app. 8 Charge up to 2x faster with new fast charging. 9 And see your info at a glance with the Always-On display. Learn more Apple&nbsp;Watch&nbsp;Ultra&nbsp;3 New satellite communications, 10 multiday battery life, 11 the largest, brightest display on an Apple Watch, advanced metrics, 5G, 12 and dual-frequency GPS — it’s the ultimate sports and adventure watch. Learn more View recent Apple events WWDC June 9, 2025 Introducing our broadest design update ever, a more helpful Apple Intelligence, and exciting new features across all our platforms. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event September 9, 2024 Introducing iPhone&nbsp;16&nbsp;Pro and iPhone&nbsp;16 with Apple&nbsp;Intelligence, Apple&nbsp;Watch&nbsp;Series&nbsp;10, and AirPods&nbsp;4. New colors for Apple&nbsp;Watch&nbsp;Ultra&nbsp;2 and AirPods&nbsp;Max. AirPods&nbsp;Pro&nbsp;2 with hearing health features. Watch Watch in ASL WWDC June 10, 2024 Introducing Apple&nbsp;Intelligence, AI&nbsp;for the rest of us. And&nbsp;exciting updates coming with iOS&nbsp;18, iPadOS&nbsp;18, macOS&nbsp;Sequoia, watchOS&nbsp;11, and visionOS&nbsp;2. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event May 7, 2024 Introducing the unbelievably thin and portable iPad Pro with Apple M4 chip, the redesigned iPad Air in two sizes, and the all‑new Apple Pencil Pro. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event October 30, 2023 Introducing the new MacBook Pro 14” and 16” and the new iMac. Now supercharged by the M3 family of chips. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event September 12, 2023 Introducing&nbsp;iPhone&nbsp;15&nbsp;Pro, iPhone&nbsp;15, Apple&nbsp;Watch&nbsp;Series&nbsp;9, Apple&nbsp;Watch&nbsp;Ultra&nbsp;2, and a major step toward making all our products carbon neutral by&nbsp;2030. Watch Watch in ASL View all Apple events Apple Footer Testing conducted by Apple in July 2025 using AirPods Pro 3 paired with iPhone 16 with prerelease AirPods firmware and iOS 26. Noise reduction was tested in accordance with IEC 60268-24. Comparison made against the best-selling wireless in-ear headphones commercially available at the time of testing. Performance depends on device settings, environment, and many other factors. Built-in heart rate monitor is intended for use during workouts with the Fitness app and compatible third-party apps on iPhone running iOS 26 and later. Refer to support.apple.com for more information. Live Translation with AirPods works on AirPods 4 with Active Noise Cancellation and AirPods Pro 2 and later with the latest firmware when paired with an Apple Intelligence–enabled iPhone running iOS 26 and later. Supports English (UK, U.S.), French (France), German, Portuguese (Brazil), and Spanish (Spain). For more information, see Feature Availability . Testing conducted by Apple in July and August 2025 using preproduction AirPods Pro 3 with MagSafe Charging Case paired with preproduction iPhone 17 Pro units, all with prerelease software. The playlist consisted of 358 unique audio tracks purchased from the iTunes Store (256-Kbps AAC encoding). Volume was set to 50% and Active Noise Cancellation was enabled. With Spatial Audio and Head Tracking enabled, listening time was up to 7.5 hours. Testing consisted of full AirPods Pro battery discharge while playing audio until the first AirPod Pro stopped playback. Battery life depends on device settings, environment, usage, and many other factors. As of September 9, 2025, hypertension notifications are currently under FDA review and expected to be cleared this month, with availability on Apple Watch Series 9 and later and Apple Watch Ultra 2 and later. The feature is not intended for use by people under 22 years old, those who have been previously diagnosed with hypertension, or pregnant persons. Requires an Apple Intelligence–enabled iPhone nearby and Bluetooth headphones with device and Siri language set to English. Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements see support.apple.com/121115 . All-day battery life including sleep tracking is based on the following use: 300 time checks, 90 notifications, 15 minutes of app use, a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, and 6 hours of sleep tracking over the course of 24 hours; Apple Watch Series 11 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 24-hour test; Apple Watch Series 11 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of cellular connection and 20 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 24 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in July and August 2025 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 11 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 11 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. Testing conducted by Apple in July and August 2025 using preproduction Apple Watch SE 3 (GPS + Cellular) and Apple Watch SE 2 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software, Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charger to USB-C Cable (Model A2515), and Apple 20W USB-C Power Adapter (Model A2305). Charge time varies with adapter, region, settings, initial battery levels, usage, and environmental factors; actual results will vary. Emergency SOS, Find My, and Messages via satellite are included for free for two years with the activation of Apple Watch Ultra 3. Connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. Find My and Messages via satellite require a carrier plan. To send and receive SMS/MMS from cellular models of Apple Watch over satellite, your paired iPhone must be powered on and connected to Wi-Fi or an active cellular network, but your iPhone doesn’t need to be nearby. SMS message rates may apply. Satellite connectivity provided by Globalstar and its affiliates. See support.apple.com/123924 for more information. Multi-day battery life including sleep tracking is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use, a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, and 6 hours of sleep tracking over the course of 42 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 3 usage includes a total of 8 hours of cellular connection and 34 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 42 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in July and August 2025 using preproduction Apple Watch Ultra 3 paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. Data plan required. 5G is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/watch/cellular . Apple Watch Ultra 3, Apple Watch Series 11, and Apple Watch SE 3 require iPhone 11 or later with iOS 26 or later. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages.  Apple Apple Events Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV &amp; Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple and Healthcare For Government For Government Apple and Government Shop for Veterans and Military Shop for State and Local Employees Shop for Federal Employees Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain Innovation About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics &amp; Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753). United States Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map