Read and download report findings from Amazon About Us Amazon Reports Dive deep into Amazon&#x27;s support of employees and small businesses, and learn more about our efforts to build stronger communities and protect the planet. Employees Small Business Communities Sustainability Finance and Governance Employees are the heart of Amazon. It&#x27;s why we&#x27;re committed to providing employees with healthcare and financial benefits that start on day one, opportunities for career advancement, and a safe and equitable workplace. Healthcare benefits start on Day 1 for many Amazon employees. We&#x27;ve committed $1.2 billion to provide pre-paid education and free skills training to employees. We’re continuing to make year-over-year progress on safety; in the U.S., we’ve improved our Recordable Incident Rate (RIR) by 28% and Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) by 75% since 2019. To learn more, go to Working at Amazon . Health and Safety Report At Amazon, we are committed to and invested in safety—it’s good for our people, for our customers, for our communities, and for business. Find out more about what we are doing to improve safety across our Amazon Operations. How Amazon fulfillment centers transform local economies New Oxford Economics research reveals communities with Amazon facilities experience more business growth, higher wages, and reduced need for public assistance. Workforce data We track the representation of our workforce because we know that diversity helps us build the best possible customer experiences and products for our globally diverse customer base. Upskilling 2025 Report A joint survey from Gallup and Amazon found that employer-provided upskilling offers ways to solve recruitment challenges, increase productivity, and raise wages. Download the report (PDF) More about Employees Amazon is committed to the success of small businesses. We invest billions of dollars annually to provide entrepreneurs with a constantly improving set of tools and resources to help them gain access to capital, quickly launch in our store, and build their brands. More than 60% of sales in Amazon’s store come from independent sellers—most of which are small to medium sized businesses. Independent sellers now employ over 2 million people in the U.S. in support of their Amazon selling business. Learn more about how we&#x27;re empowering small businesses . 2024 Small Business Empowerment Report shows small businesses have created millions of jobs and thriving communities Independent sellers—who make up more than 60% of sales in Amazon’s store—have reached historic milestone, generating $2.5 trillion in sales. Amazon’s latest Brand Protection Report: How Amazon uses AI innovations to stop fraud and counterfeits Our fifth annual report highlights the continued success of our strategy to drive counterfeits to zero. A blueprint for private and public sector partnership to stop counterfeiters Amazon’s blueprint for public and private sector partnership to stop counterfeiters is our call for collaboration on the investments and innovations needed to protect consumers from counterfeit products. 2024 Small Business Empowerment Report 2024 Brand Protection Report Counterfeit Policy White Paper (PDF) Amazon works with local organizations to understand community needs, and uses the same logistics, technology, and innovation that gets packages to your door to help create positive, lasting impact. Amazon has committed $2.4 billion to create or preserve affordable homes for over 50,800 residents, with properties required to remain affordable for 99 years to ensure generational stability for families. We’ve delivered more than 60 million meals directly to over 200,000 households facing food insecurity. Through programs like Amazon Future Engineer, Amazon has supported over 1.1 million students with 17 million+ hours of free STEM education. Since 2017, we&#x27;ve donated more than 26 million supplies in response to 200 disasters in the U.S. and around the world. Learn more about how we&#x27;re investing in communities . Community Impact Report: Puget Sound 2025 In this report, we share a bit more about how we’re using our collaborative and innovative approach to create positive change in support of our communities, with a particular focus on the Puget Sound area. Download the report (PDF) Community Impact Report: National Capital Region 2025 Learn more about how we’re using our collaborative and innovative approach to create positive change in support of our HQ2 community in northern Virginia and National Capital Region neighbors. Download the report (PDF) Culture and Creative Industries Impact Report The inaugural report outlines how Amazon is helping bring local stories to global stages—through books, audio, Prime Video, live sports, and more. Download the report (PDF) Amazon Pro Bono Report 2025 The 2025 Pro Bono Report showcases how Amazon teams are expanding our impact with innovative AI tools, professional expertise, and by partnering with organizations to create lasting impact in underserved communities. Download the report (PDF) How Food Delivery Programs Transform Lives Amazon commissioned this report to deepen understanding of the impact of home delivery support for food assistance programs that quickly transport vital groceries to people in need for free. Download the report (PDF) Housing Equity Fund Impact Report Since the launch of the Amazon Housing Equity Fund, which was officially announced in January 2021, Amazon has helped create or preserve 21,000 affordable homes. Download the report (PDF) Economic Impact in the US Discover how we&#x27;re growing local economies and creating meaningful opportunities in the U.S. Download U.S. state factsheets (PDF) AWS Economic Impact Study: U.S. When Amazon Web Services (AWS) invests in communities, there is a ripple effect of that investment. AWS investment in the US enables job retention, cloud training and education, community engagement, and long-term financial stability for individuals. Download the study (PDF) Amazon Pro Bono Report 2024 Our 2024 Pro Bono Report highlights how the legal team has devoted more than 65,000 hours of volunteer work to provide access to justice for underserved causes and communities. Download the report (PDF) Amazon Pro Bono Report 2023 Our 2023 Pro Bono Report highlights how the legal team has devoted more than 52,000 hours of volunteer work to provide access to justice for underserved causes and communities. Download the report (PDF) We strive to create real, long-lasting impact on our customers, the communities where we operate, and the planet. That means sustainability has become a core way in how we operate—from our transportation network to our packaging approach, carbon-free energy procurement and more—as we continue to make progress towards our Climate Pledge commitment. Learn more about our commitment to sustainability . 2024 Sustainability Report Our 2024 Sustainability Report covers a range of priority topics, highlighting Amazon’s efforts to scale our work globally, collaborate with others, and invest in and innovate more sustainable solutions. Sustainability Report: Executive summary Download the PDF Our Investor Relations site provides our annual reports, quarterly earnings, shareholder letters, corporate governance documentation, and more. Learn more from our investor relations site . Financial results Our quarterly and annual results materials provide comprehensive reports of our financial performance. SEC filings Copies of all filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are publicly available, including Form 10-Q quarterly reports, form 13F holdings reports, Form 8-K reports, and more. Corporate governance Explore a variety of corporate governance documentation and reports, including letters to shareholders, our sustainable bond framework and allocation report, tax principles, and more. More from Amazon Previous slide 1 / 1 Next slide Update on our organization Company news Jan. 27, 2026 Amazon doubles down on online grocery delivery and Whole Foods Market expansion to reach more customers Company news Jan. 26, 2026 Amazon will share its Q4 and 2025 financial results on February 5 Company news Jan. 21, 2026 How 3 AI innovations are creating a better experience for candidates in Amazon’s hiring process Workplace Jan. 21, 2026 Amazon named among the top 3 most admired companies by ‘Fortune’ magazine for the 10th consecutive year Workplace Jan. 20, 2026 Amazon triples safety supplies at first wildfire relief hub in the US Community Jan. 14, 2026 Amazon’s S-team: Meet the 28 members who make up our senior leadership team Workplace Jan. 7, 2026 Amazon in the community: Service, community, and commitment at HQ2 Community Jan. 1, 2026 Scroll to top button Amazon News Press Center Amazon.com Investor Resources Country &amp; Language: EN Careers Site Map More from Amazon Facebook Youtube Amazon.com Conditions of Use Amazon Privacy Policy © 1996- 2026 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates News Stores and Shopping AWS Devices Entertainment Artificial Intelligence Workplace Sustainability Community International Featured Topics Alexa+ About Us What We Do Working at Amazon Leadership Principles Shareholder Letters Reports Our Impact Sustainability Community Small Businesses Economy Featured Topics Amazon Future Ready Subscribe