AWS Culture of Security Skip to main content Filter: All English Contact us AWS Marketplace Support My account Search Filter: All Sign in to console Create account AWS Cloud Security Security Services Use Cases Compliance Data Protection Blog More AWS › Security › Culture of Security AWS Culture of Security Our security culture permeates AWS because we work backwards from our customers' need to innovate with complete confidence in our infrastructure. Contact Us At AWS, security is our top priority. Since day one, AWS has deeply invested into our culture of security. Security is prioritized by our leadership and built into our organizational structure. Everyone, regardless of role, views security as a shared responsibility. Security advocates and advisors are embedded in our teams to share their expertise, and innovation empowers our people to move fast while staying secure.&nbsp;We’ve found that building and maintaining a culture of security requires constant investment and focus on four key principles.&nbsp;&nbsp; Play Culture of security principles at work within AWS Security is a top-down priority At AWS, security is deeply ingrained into our organizational structure and decision-making. Our security teams report directly to the CEO while also being deeply embedded in our respective business units. Weekly meetings with executive leadership examines security metrics, connect data to business outcomes, and ensure alignment on strategic security issues. This top-down commitment reinforces that security accelerates business objectives and enhances customer experiences. The CEO’s role in security leadership How the unique culture of security at AWS makes a difference 6 questions every board should ask their CISO Security is everyone’s job AWS operates with a strong ownership model built around our culture of security. Everyone, from executives to engineers, embraces a security-first mindset. Service teams are fully responsible for the security of the service that they deliver. Security is ingrained into every product roadmap, engineering plan, and weekly stand-up, just as much as capabilities, performance, and cost. We encourage teams to raise their hand and ask for help when there’s even a hint of a security issue. Security ownership and responsibility at AWS Explore the building blocks of a culture of security Security expertise is distributed across AWS AWS Security provides critical capabilities and services that enable our engineering and service teams to fulfill their security responsibilities effectively. This includes training, threat modeling tools, code scanning frameworks, design reviews, penetration testing, and security reviews of new services and features. Security teams are empowered to make a go or no-go decision with respect to each and every release, and always err on the side of maintaining the high security bar our customers expect from AWS. How AWS distributes security ownership with Security Guardians How to build your own Security Guardians program Security innovation that empowers people At AWS, people are our biggest asset, driving us to build security innovations that improve their work experience, remove barriers, and enable sound security decisions. We use artificial intelligence (AI) to accelerate secure software development and complement human expertise. We use security automation to reduce mundane tasks, reduce human error, and scale security best practices. And, we use automated reasoning to detect misconfigurations and prove that our security controls are effective. Build a diverse and empowered security organization Learn more about provable security Our commitment "Delivering secure and operationally excellent services for our customers is, and will forever remain, our top priority. Andy Jassy said on my very first day that ensuring security for our customers is 'job zero'. That hasn't changed in 18 years and it won't change under my leadership." Matt Garman CEO, AWS Featured resources Resources AWS Executive Insights on security Explore insights on effective security and compliance leadership. Learn more Training AWS security, compliance, and identity training Explore self-paced digital courses, hands-on labs, and role-based training for every skill level. Learn more Video Get to know the AWS CISO Circle Program Connect with other security leaders to discuss trending topics in security. Learn more Guide How AWS embeds a culture of security into every aspect of its business Explore how AWS integrates security into every aspect of our business. Learn more Podcast Conversations with Security Leaders Hear directly from AWS leaders how we approach security inside AWS. Listen here Create an AWS account Learn What Is AWS? What Is Cloud Computing? What Is Agentic AI? Cloud Computing Concepts Hub AWS Cloud Security What's New Blogs Press Releases Resources Getting Started Training AWS Trust Center AWS Solutions Library Architecture Center Product and Technical FAQs Analyst Reports AWS Partners Developers Builder Center SDKs &amp; Tools .NET on AWS Python on AWS Java on AWS PHP on AWS JavaScript on AWS Help Contact Us File a Support Ticket AWS re:Post Knowledge Center AWS Support Overview Get Expert Help AWS Accessibility Legal English Back to top Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age. x facebook linkedin instagram twitch youtube podcasts email Privacy Site terms Cookie Preferences © 2026, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.