Annual Stockholder Meeting June 26, 2024 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for the historical information contained herein, certain matters in this presentation including, but not limited to, statements as to: the performance, impact, and benefits of our products and technologies; our growth and growth opportunities; our market opportunities; our strategies; and other predictions and estimates are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements and any other forward-looking statements that go beyond historical facts that are made in this presentation are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences and demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems and other factors. NVIDIA has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and you should not rely upon the forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The future events and trends discussed in this presentation may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward- looking statements. Although NVIDIA believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the company cannot guarantee that future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will occur. Except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. For a complete discussion of factors that could materially affect our financial results and operations, please refer to the reports we file from time to time with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Copies of reports we file with the SEC are posted on our website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. Many of the products and features described herein remain in various stages and will be offered on a when-and-if-available basis. The statements within are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as a commitment, promise, or legal obligation, and the development, release, and timing of any features or functionalities described for our products is subject to change and remains at the sole discretion of NVIDIA. NVIDIA will have no liability for failure to deliver or delay in the delivery of any of the products, features or functions set forth herein. NVIDIA uses certain non-GAAP measures in this presentation including non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, and non-GAAP earnings per share. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances investors’ overall understanding of the company’s historical financial performance. The presentation of the company’s non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company’s financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the company’s non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Further information relevant to the interpretation of non-GAAP financial measures, and reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures, may be found in the slide titled “Reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP Financial Measures.” FY23 FY24 Y-Y Revenue $27.0B $60.9B Up 126% GM % 59.2% 73.8% Up 14.6 pts Operating Income $9.0B $37.1B Up 311% EPS $3.34 $12.96 Up 288% (Non-GAAP) FY24 RESULTS Refer to Appendix for reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures. Revenue is GAAP. EPS is on a pre-split basis. CUDA ACHIEVES VIRTUOUS CYCLE NVIDIA CUDA LIBRARIES OPEN NEW MARKETS Data Processing cuDF AI Radio Aerial RAN Combinatorial Optimization cuOPT QC Simulation cuQUANTUM Deep Learning cuDNN Computational Lithography cuLITHO Gene Sequencing Parabricks AI Physics Modulus GB200 Superchip Compute Node NVLink Switch Quantum-X800 Switch Spectrum-X800 Switch BlueField-3 SuperNIC ConnectX-8 SuperNIC HGX B200 NVIDIA BLACKWELL PLATFORM NVIDIA INFERENCE MICROSERVICES NVIDIA CUDA Cloud Native Stack GPU Operator, Network Operator Triton Inference Server cuDF, CV-CUDA, DALI, NCCL, Post Processing Decoder Enterprise Management Health Check, Identity, Metrics, Monitoring, Secrets Management Kubernetes Industry Standard APIs Text, Speech, Image, Video, 3D, Biology Customization Cache P-tuning, LORA, Model Weights Optimized Model Single GPU, Multi-GPU, Multi-Node TensorRT LLM and Triton cuBLAS, cuDNN, In-Flight Batching, Memory Optimization, FP8 Quantization Installed Base of 100s of Millions of CUDA GPUs Omniverse Digital Twin Real World.. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP Financial Measures Non-GAAP Acquisition Termination Cost Acquisition- Related and Other Costs (A) Stock-Based Compensation (B) Other (C) Tax Impact of Adjustments GAAP FY23 Gross margin ($ in million) $15,965 — (455) (138) (16) — $15,356 59.2% — (1.7) (0.5) (0.1) — 56.9% Operating income ($ in million) $9,040 (1,353) (674) (2,710) (79) — $4,224 Net income ($ in million) $8,366 (1,353) (674) (2,710) (128) 867 $4,368 Shares used in diluted per share calculation (millions) 2,507 — — — — — 2,507 Diluted EPS $3.34 — — — — — $1.74 A. Consists of amortization of intangible assets and transaction costs. B. Stock-based compensation charge was allocated to cost of goods sold, research and development expense, and sales, general and administrative expense. C. Other comprises of IP-related costs, restructuring costs and other, legal settlement costs, contributions, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, and net losses from non-affiliated investments Reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP Financial Measures Non-GAAP Acquisition Termination Cost Acquisition- Related and Other Costs (A) Stock-Based Compensation (B) Other (C) Tax Impact of Adjustments GAAP FY24 Gross margin ($ in million) $44,959 — (477) (141) (40) — $44,301 73.8% — (0.8) (0.2) (0.1) — 72.7% Operating income ($ in million) $37,134 — (583) (3,549) (30) — $32,972 Net income ($ in million) $32,312 — (583) (3,549) 204 1,376 $29,760 Shares used in diluted per share calculation (millions) 2,494 — — — — — 2,494 Diluted EPS $12.96 — — — — — $11.93 A. Consists of amortization of intangible assets and transaction costs. B. Stock-based compensation charge was allocated to cost of goods sold, research and development expense, and sales, general and administrative expense. C. Other comprises of IP-related costs, assets held for sale related adjustments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, and net gains from non-affiliated investments