JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. Annual Report 2005 JPMorgan Chase & Co. www.jpmorganchase.com JPMorganChase&Co.2005AnnualReport JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $1.2 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management, and private equity. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its JPMorgan and Chase brands. JPMorgan has one of the largest client franchises in the world. Our clients include corporations, institutional investors, hedge funds, governments and affluent individuals in more than 100 countries. The following businesses use the JPMorgan brand: Investment Bank Asset Management Treasury Services Private Bank Worldwide Securities Services Private Client Services Information about JPMorgan capabilities can be found on jpmorgan.com. Chase is a leading U.S. financial services brand serving consumers, small businesses, corporations and governments with a full range of banking and asset management products in local mark ets and through national distribution. The consumer businesses include: Consumer Banking Home Finance Credit Card Auto Finance Small Business Education Finance The commercial banking businesses include: Middle Market Business Credit Mid-Corporate Equipment Leasing Real Estate Information about Chase capabilities can be found on chase.com. JPMorgan Chase is the brand used to express JPMorgan Chase & Co., the holding company, and is also used by our Treasury Services business and our Community Development Group. Information about the firm is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Telephone: 212-270-6000 http://www.jpmorganchase.com Principal subsidiaries JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association Chase Bank USA, National Association J.P . Morgan Securities Inc. Annual report on Form 10-K The Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission will be made available upon request to: Office of the Secretary JPMorgan Chase & Co. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Stock listing New York Stock Exchange, Inc. London Stock Exchange Limited Tokyo Stock Exchange The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) ticker symbols for stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co. are as follows: JPM (Common Stock) JPMPRH (Depositary Shares Each Representing a One-Tenth Interest in 6 5/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock) Certifications by the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, have been filed as exhibits to the Firm's 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The NYSE requires that the Chief Executive Officer of a listed company certify annually that he or she was not aware of any violation by the company of the NYSE's Corporate Governance listing standards. Such certification was made on June 14, 2005. Financial information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. can be accessed by visiting the Investor Relations site of www.jpmorganchase.com. Additional questions should be addressed to: Investor Relations JPMorgan Chase & Co. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Telephone: 212-270-6000 Direct deposit of dividends For information about direct deposit of dividends, please contact Mellon Investor Services LLC. Stockholder inquiries Contact Mellon Investor Services LLC: By telephone: Within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 1-800-758-4651 (toll free) From all other locations: 1-201-680-6578 (collect) TDD service for the hearing impaired within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 1-800-231-5469 (toll free) All other locations: 1-201-680-6578 (collect) By mail: Mellon Investor Services LLC 480 Washington Blvd. Jersey City, New Jersey 07310-1900 Duplicate mailings If you receive duplicate mailings because you have more than one account listing and you wish to consolidate your accounts, please write to Mellon Investor Services LLC at the address above. Independent registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 300 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10017 Directors To contact any of the Board members please mail correspondence to: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Attention (Board member) Office of the Secretary 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 The corporate governance principles of the board, the charters of the principal board committees and other governance information can be accessed by visiting www.jpmorganchase.com and clicking on “Governance.”Stockholders may request a copy of such materials by writing to the Office of the Secretary at the above address. Transfer agent and registrar Mellon Investor Services LLC 480 Washington Blvd. Jersey City, New Jersey 07310-1900 Telephone: 1-800-758-4651 https://vault.melloninvestor.com/isd Investor Services Program JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investor Services Program offers a variety of convenient, low- cost services to make it easier to reinvest dividends and buy and sell shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. common stock. A brochure and enrollment materials may be obtained by contacting the Program Administrator, Mellon Investor Services LLC, by calling 1-800-758-4651, by writing them at the address indicated above or by visiting their Web site at www.melloninvestor.com. This annual report is printed on paper made from well-managed forests and other controlled sources with the financial section printed on paper containing 20% post-consumer waste (PCW) recycled fibers. The paper is independently certified by SmartWood, a program of the Rainforest Alliance, to the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) standards. FSC is an independent nonprofit organization devoted to encouraging the responsible management of the world’s forests. FSC sets high standards to ensure forestry is practiced in an environmentally responsible, socially beneficial and economically viable way. ©2006 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. Printed in the U.S.A. Financial highlights * The financial information provided on pages 2-20 is presented on a pro forma combined-operating basis. The unaudited pro forma combined historical results represent how the financial information of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank One Corporation may have appeared on a combined basis had the two companies been merged as of the earliest date indicated. Additional information, including reconciliation of the pro forma numbers to GAAP , can be found on Form 8-K furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2006. For a description of operating basis, including management’s reasons for its use of such measures, see page 31 of this Annual Report. As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share, ratio and headcount data) 2005 2004 Reported basis (a) Total net revenue $ 54,533 $ 43,097 Provision for credit losses 3,483 2,544 Total noninterest expense 38,835 34,359 Net income 8,483 4,466 Per common share: Net income per share: Basic 2.43 1.59 Diluted 2.38 1.55 Cash dividends declared per share 1.36 1.36 Book value per share 30.71 29.61 Return on common equity 8% 6% Tier 1 capital ratio 8.5 8.7 Total capital ratio 12.0 12.2 Total assets $1,198,942 $ 1,157,248 Loans 419,148 402,114 Deposits 554,991 521,456 Total stockholders’ equity 107,211 105,653 Headcount 168,847 160,968 Operating basis (pro forma) * Total net revenue $ 59,149 $ 57,760 Provision for credit losses 7,259 6,490 Total noninterest expense 35,549 35,439 Earnings 10,521 10,289 Diluted earnings per share 2.95 2.85 Return on common equity 10% 10% (a) Results are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six month of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2 s of year-end , I stepped down as CEO of JPMorgan Chase – turning the leadership of the firm over to my partner, Jamie Dimon, who I believe will prove to be one of the outstanding CEO s the financial services industry has had in a long time. As Chairman, I look forward to contributing to our growth by leveraging my global relationships and contacts and by helping to further develop strategy. As I look back on my  years in the industry, all with the same organization, I realize how fortunate I have been and what an exciting journey I have been on. When I left a small town in North Carolina to join Chemical Bank in , my goal was to spend two years in New York and then return to North Carolina. Little did I know I would be part of an industry and a career that were as challenging and rewarding as these have been. I step down as CEO believing that: • JPMorgan Chase is very well positioned strategically to be one of the great financial institutions in the world. • Size does matter in our industry – provided that size translates into operating and scale efficiencies, increased profit margins, stronger earnings and leadership positions. And the benefits of size can only be realized within a culture that values teamwork, partnership and execution. • One should be a leader – not a follower – as our industry irreversibly consolidates in a globalizing world. • A diversified model will prove to have competitive advantage in terms of creating shareholder value over time. • Managements and boards have to manage with a longer-term outlook and resist the pressures of the quarter-to-quarter mindset of the market. • Building the best performance culture in the industry will ensure that all of the inherent potential of size is harvested and maximized. • Relationships matter – with clients and with each other internally – and without them, a firm will never reach its potential and be its best. • Companies with the highest ethical values, which start at the top and cascade all the way down, will be the great companies – and we must keep raising the bar on how we achieve this in a large, complex corporation. • Surrounding yourself with people who are smarter and better than you are is critical because your talent pool will be a key determinant of success. • I have been one of the most fortunate people in the world to have had the experience and the success I have had, and there is not one day that goes by that I don’ t think about this. So from a small town to a big city – from a small bank to a big bank, I learned much along the way – that you, in fact, never stop learning. You should always commit to be the best you can be, you should think big and dream big, and you should think about how you can win and what your strategic platform should be to create sustainable share- holder value. And you should do this by always, always having the right set of values and living by them. You learn that the peaks and valleys, the successes and fail- ures of your job and life need to be viewed with the proper perspective and balance, and only with that balance and perspective can you find true north. You learn how important your family and friends are in enabling you to maintain the passion and commitment to be the CEO of a firm like JPMorgan Chase and how privi- leged you’ve been to have been the leader. Thus, while my JPMorgan Chase career is nearing an end, a new chapter in our company’s long history is beginning. It is time to pass the baton to a new group of leaders, led by Jamie Dimon, who will take this firm to the next level of performance, harvesting its vast potential and maximizing shareholder value through great execution. Letter from William B. Harrison, Jr,Chairman Dear fellow shareholder, A Let me close with a profound thanks to our shareholders who have had the faith to believe in the potential of this firm. Thanks to our outstanding Board of Directors for their support and wisdom, and I want to express my special gratitude to retiring directors Larry Bossidy and Hans Becherer whose advice and counsel over many years have been invaluable. Thanks to all of our clients and cus - tomers around the world for the opportunity to serve them. And thanks – , thanks – to our talented and dedicat- ed employees around the world for what they stand for and for what they contribute every day. I could not be more excited and confident about our future. Sincerely, William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman March ,  3 William B. Harrison, Jr.,Chairman James Dimon, Chief Executive Officer his is my first letter to you as the CEO of JPMorgan Chase. From a personal standpoint, I want to share with you some feelings and thoughts. I feel a tremendous mix of emotions: excitement about our potential, and a great sense of obligation and responsibility both to you, our share- holder, and to those who have built our company over the years. They have given us an exceptional opportunity – and we owe them not only our gratitude, but also our commit- ment to deliver on our company’s potential and make them proud of what they have helped to build. We have accomplished a great deal over the last year, and we are excited about our progress in  and our plans for . The foundation for everything we are doing rests on a set of business principles that we believe, when executed properly, create great companies. These principles are described on our Web site: www.jpmorganchase.com. In essence, we strive to: • Share with you the truth and offer honest assessments of our businesses and our prospects. • Act with integrity and honor. • Do the right thing, not necessarily the easy or expedient thing. • Work hard and with fierce resolve to make this a company of which our shareholders, employees, customers and communities can be proud. • Focus relentlessly on the execution of our business principles. There are some specific issues that are integral to the suc- cess of our company. I would like to address them by answering the following questions: I. Are we in the right businesses? II. Can we achieve outstanding performance? III. Are we properly managing our risks? IV. Do we have the right people and the right compensation strategy? V. Are we a good corporate citizen? Letter from James Dimon, Chief Executive Officer Dear fellow shareholder, T 4 I. Are we in the right businesses? Let me unequivocally answer this question with a resound- ing “yes,” for three reasons: each business is already well positioned – in terms of size and scope – within its specific industry; there is exceptional value in the linkages among our businesses; and the company’s size, scale and brands are a competitive strength. Each business is already well positioned within its specific industry Our six major lines of business – Investment Banking, Commercial Banking, Retail Financial Services, Card Services, Asset & Wealth Management, and Treasury & Securities Services – all compete in consolidating industries. Businesses consolidate when the vast economies of scale that can be achieved (in systems, operations, distribution, brand and R&D , to name a few) will benefit the customer. We cannot underestimate the power of these economic forces. Nor can we ignore the inevitable impact they have on our businesses. But change is hard – and many who attempt it fail. The winners will be those who can provide their customers with more access to better financial prod- ucts and services at a lower price. In this environment, size, scale and staying power matter, and all of our core businesses already have what it takes to succeed; but as I discuss later, we must continue to improve our execution skills to distinguish our company in the marketplace. Our businesses do not and will not want for capital or invest - ment. They are well equipped to survive in good and bad times, and our customers will continually benefit from their stability and efficiency, as well as the investments we are able to make in technology and innovation. Our businesses belong together, and there is exceptional value in the linkages among them As separate entities, our businesses are currently well posi - tioned; together they are even stronger. Putting our busi- nesses together makes sense only if doing so creates value for customers and, ultimately, shareholders. It does not work because we want it to – it only works because it gives the customer more for less, sooner rather than later . We have no interest in selling our customers products that they do not want or need. In this context, the term “cross-sell” can be misleading. “Cross-selling” often carries negative connotations – as if it is a forced and unnatural act. In fact, it should be described more appropriately as “natural product-line extensions,” which businesses have been doing successfully for hundreds of years. Wal-Mart has continually expanded the types of products it sells. Twenty years ago, who would have thought that it would sell lettuce and tomatoes? These product-line extensions are true also for Home Depot, com- mercial banks, investment banks, stockbrokers and even manufacturers. GE Aircraft Engines now finances and serv- ices what it manufactures. The essence of what makes this successful is that the customer is the winner. By extending our product lines, we are able to leverage the substantial investments we have made to build our distri - bution system (e.g., branches, technology and sales people), strengthen our brand and earn the trust of our customers. For example, today our branches, which are our retail stores, not only accept deposits and provide access to cash, but also sell investments, mortgages, home equity loans, debit and credit cards, and online bill paying services, as well as small business loans, international funds transfers, payroll services, annuities, etc. Our clear “natural product” set is financial services, which is what individuals and businesses want and expect from us. Where the products are “manufactured” is of little interest to them. What is important to them and to us is our ability to provide a better product, or package of products, at a lower cost. Our challenge is to view this from their perspective and ensure that our collective resources are focused accordingly. In addition to providing substantial potential for growth, our mix of businesses presents us with fertile ground for innovation. Here are a few examples of how our businesses are working together: Retail and Card Services. The competitive advantage is formidable when our retail bank – which serves almost  million households – joins forces with our credit card company, with its  million cardholders. This collabora- tion should result in excellent new products that address specific consumer needs. For example, we may be able to 5 make life much simpler for our customers by linking credit and debit cards and by offering them other products. The results of recent efforts are promising: credit card sales in our retail branches are up nearly % from two years ago. Commercial Banking and Retail. A strong connection already exists between our Commercial Bank and our retail branches. In fact, there are few successful commercial banks in America that do not have a retail bank – and for good reason. A large share of retail business comes from small businesses and mid-sized companies. Many use branches as their financial back offices for cash, payroll processing and wire transfer services. This interdependency is cost effective for us and beneficial to our customers. In addition, business accounts often lead to new personal accounts and vice versa. Investment Banking and Commercial Banking. A natural con- nection exists between an investment bank, which essen- tially serves large public companies, and a commercial bank, which essentially serves mid-sized to small public and non-public companies. Our Commercial Bank already generates hundreds of millions of dollars in revenues from offering its clients traditional investment banking services (e.g., advisory, debt and equity underwriting). Over the next few years, we believe that we can double Commercial Banking’s revenues from these activities. In cities like Indianapolis, Austin, Denver and Tucson – where our Investment Bank does not have a physical presence – local businesses have strong relationships with our commercial bankers. These bankers know when their clients are con- templating transactions and need access to investment banking expertise. The connection is valuable for clients and beneficial to us. It enables our Investment Bank to generate revenues from its product expertise that it could not have previously produced without the client relation- ship. And it enables the Commercial Bank to better serve its clients by providing them with the additional products that they need. Treasury & Securities Services; Asset & Wealth Management. Another important connection exists between Treasury & Securities Services and our other businesses. Many of our major customers (institutional, middle market, small busi- ness and retail) use TSS for activities such as cash, checks, ACH payments, wire transfer and custody. TSS generates approximately $ billion of annual revenue by serving these customers. Asset & Wealth Management also benefits from working with other businesses, including managing assets for corporate clients, helping them meet their complex pen- sion and investment needs, and offering products from across the company to individual clients. Plenty of other examples exist, but the critical point remains: while each business should do well on its own, it should also be able to capitalize on our company’s extensive and unique set of products and services to more fully and profitably meet customer needs. There is certainly no rea- son why they should do worse because they are part of this institution. The key, of course, is that the customers must be the winners. The size and scale of the company are a competitive strength The size, scale and scope of JPMorgan Chase also offer huge advantages: economies of scale in operations and systems; diversification of capital, risk and earnings; a great global brand; and the capability to make large investments at a lower cost of capital. In particular, the benefits of size and scale in operations and systems are vast, and they are real. Our diversified earning streams lower our risk, increase our credit ratings and reduce the cost of our capital. And since one of our major costs is the cost of money, the ability to raise funds cheaper, better, faster and more effectively around the world than other companies is a major advantage. But size alone is not enough to win. In fact, if not properly managed, it can bring many negatives. Huge companies operating in complex, consolidating and fiercely competi - tive industries like ours can only achieve and sustain their success by competing where the “rubber hits the road” – at the level of the store, the product and the banker – not at corporate headquarters. We must equip those employees on the front lines to be responsive and responsible. The way we manage our size will reflect how much we recognize and respect this imperative. Bureaucracy and waste are lethal. To remain healthy and vibrant, we must constantly and consistently minimize bureaucracy, eliminate waste and insist upon excellent execution. 6 II. Can we achieve outstanding performance? “Yes,” but we are not there yet. Good positioning does not assure great performance. Creating great performance is not mystical; it takes consistent effort, focus, hard work and discipline. The starting point for us is to admit where we are. Any way one analyzes our businesses, for the most part our costs are too high, our returns on capital are too low and our growth is not what it could be. We are underperforming financially in many areas. We need to understand the reasons and focus our energy on making improvements, not excuses. We cannot afford to waste time justifying mediocrity. Each line of business now assesses its performance in a rigorous and very detailed way. Each compares results to targets in a variety of areas, including sales force productivity, customer service and systems development. It is not enough for the overall business to make its profit targets. It would be unacceptable to achieve good financial returns by reducing expenses that are critical investments for the future or by compromising the quality of business that we do. The best way to reach and sustain a higher level of performance is to get every part of the business to step up its game. For example, we have some businesses that, in general, achieve adequate returns. These results are often produced when a few exceptional business segments do the heavy lifting for the rest. We cannot use our strengths in one part of our business to subsidize our weaknesses in another part. We spend a lot of time on capital and return on capital. How we allocate capital should reflect our understanding of how changes in the economy – and the likely length and intensity of the cycles they cause – will affect specific parts of our business. Where will the risks and growth opportu - nities be? For example, there will be another recession; we just do not know when. What we do know, however, is that when it happens, our annual credit costs will increase sub - stantially. Therefore, when we talk about return on capital, we must look at it through the cycle, not just during the best parts of the cycle. Many companies that compete in our businesses have been well managed and able to produce excellent results for decades. We have every reason to be among them. Time will tell if we are. We have made progress, but not enough. To get outstanding performance, we must instill the follow- ing disciplines deep into the fiber of our company. Become lean and efficient This is an imperative. One cannot achieve great perform- ance in fiercely competitive industries without being lean and efficient. It is irresponsible to waste our critical resources on expenditures that have nothing to do with better serving our clients and building a great company. We need to use our resources to grow, innovate, market, hire productive people and build systems. It is not just about cutting costs. A company cannot become great just by cutting costs. It is about building better systems to bet - ter serve our customers. It is about paying our people not only fairly, but effectively, to help create the right behavior. It is about how we run meetings. It is about designing the right products that are also profitable. (Many companies design products that lose money, and they do not even know it.) It is about constantly improving productivity. We must continually ask ourselves: Can the same invest- ment in the same area be better spent? Does every business strive to get the most out of its resources? The Investment Bank, for example, has many businesses, depending upon how you measure it. Does each business spend its money efficiently and wisely? Are we spending the right amount in the right way and expecting the right results? Last year, we spent over $  billion in marketing to get  million new credit card accounts. Can we spend more and get even bet- ter results? We probably can. This year, we want to both spend more and get more from every dollar we spend. When we determine that we can and are spending money wisely, we will want to spend more, not less. Since the merger, we have realized $. billion in merger savings. However, much more is needed to achieve what we would consider to be real efficiency. This past year, we launched and completed major projects aimed at increasing our efficiency and improving our customer service over the long run. They include: 7 • Completing the largest credit card conversion in history. This effort combined over  million heritage Chase and Bank One accounts onto a single platform and provided us with a single best-in-class system to better serve our customers (and at a lower cost). • Integrating and upgrading all of our businesses in Texas – in terms of products, brand, systems and operations – where we have , employees serving  million customers. • Converting all U.S. dollar clearing to one platform glob- ally, an operation that processes an average of $. tril- lion daily for , clients worldwide. • Executing the largest merger of mutual fund families in U.S. history, affecting . million fund shareholders. • Completing the first and second construction phases of our new Global Services Center in Bangalore, India, and hiring , employees to meet increased demand and deliver more services from India. • Migrating much of the company’s production, disaster recovery, and development and test systems into a new data center. The move increases our data storage capabil- ity, enhances our resiliency, reduces infrastructure points of failure and lowers overall cost to the firm. Over this next year, we will continue to massively upgrade and streamline our systems and operations. Highlights include: • Converting and upgrading all of our operations in the New York tri-state market, beginning in the second quarter. This will be one of the most visible bank con- versions in our industry and will have an impact on all of our businesses – specifically, . million deposit accounts representing over $ billion, and involves more than  heritage Chase branches and over , teller workstations. • Providing our retail and wholesale customers with uni- form Internet platforms, upgrading loan origination sys- tems and implementing a new mortgage servicing system. • Substantially improving infrastructure, including data centers, networks and financial management systems. We cannot build a great company unless we are unrelenting in our efforts to be a lean and efficient company. This must become a permanent part of our mindset. Remove barriers to success As I mentioned before, excessive bureaucracy is lethal. It slows us down, distracts us from our clients and demoralizes good employees. We must act with more openness, passion and urgency. The process of busting bureaucracy never ends, but what is different now is that our employees are engaged in challenging the system and solving the problems. We continue to attack bureaucracy and improve all aspects of our management practices, including: • Accountability and decision making: Central to the changes we have undertaken is the realignment of corporate staff. Now embedded in the businesses are many of the staff functions – like finance and systems – that used to be concentrated at the corporate level. The realignment gives our businesses greater ability to manage their support functions. For staff, better access to the businesses they support provides them with more knowledge and control. The restructuring will lead to better accountability, transparency and reporting, which in turn will improve execution and overall corporate risk management. • Management information and discipline: It is hard to act on the truth if you do not know what it is. We want managers to have the tools and information to run their businesses as if they owned them. With this goal in mind, we now produce thousands of increasingly accu - rate reports that provide managers with specific informa - tion on their performance. In addition, we give them tools to proactively eliminate waste and manage their resources. Better reporting has dramatically improved the effectiveness of our business review meetings. Without this information, these meetings are often a waste of time. They now are convened at many levels of the company and focus on where we are and need to be, relative to our own benchmarks and the best performers 8 in each business. As a result of these discussions, we are able to establish real targets for our businesses in terms of growth, margins, returns, market share, etc. • People practices: We have rationalized human resource processes by eliminating several unnecessary procedures and personnel to place accountability for managing peo- ple squarely where it belongs – with line managers. For example, performance reviews have been revamped and simplified, training has been streamlined and executive coaches have been eliminated. (We think coaching is the manager’s job.) Performance reviews should facilitate, not prevent, meaningful, honest and comprehensive results-oriented exchanges between managers and their direct reports. Yet over time, the process grew to take on a life of its own and became a hindrance. Now the barri - ers are being removed. In addition, we have created a forum for discussion of our talent and made people man - agement generally, and diversity in particular, part of the agenda of senior manager meetings across the company. We remain devoted to our people and their develop - ment, but we will use management accountability, not bureaucratic processes, to prove it. We want our people to communicate openly, easily and constructively. Focus resources where we can succeed and win We have sold or liquidated several businesses that either did not fit our strategy or did not contribute significantly to our long-term success. For these reasons, we sold BrownCo, and businesses in manufactured housing and recreational vehicles. We also announced the sale of our insurance business and have dramatically reduced the size of our auto leasing business. By discontinuing or reducing our commitment to ancillary businesses, we availed ourselves of billions of dollars in cap - ital. We redeployed this capital in businesses where we can win. For example, we invested in JPMorgan Cazenove, an investment banking joint venture in the United Kingdom (which already shows promising results); expanded our global trade management operations with the purchase of Vastera; and acquired the Sears Canada private-label credit card portfolio. In addition, we have recently completed the purchase of a consumer educational loan business, Collegiate Funding Services, that both processes and underwrites loans. These are all transactions that position us for real growth. We have also freed up and redirected our capital to support innovation. We want to make innovation part of our DNA . This does not mean spending hundreds of millions of dollars on failed ideas. It does mean, however, that we will take calculated risks, knowing that some will fail. Progressive thinking should be reflected in every conversa- tion, every analysis, and every product and service we provide. We have many new products coming out this year that we think will fill this bill. The ultimate goal: create organic growth Profitable, sustainable, properly underwritten growth is not a vision. It is the result of excellent management discipline, an unrelenting focus on execution, consistent management of risk, a competitive product set and outstanding customer service. The level of effort and expense associated with mer ger activities and systems consolidation has been predictably huge. So the fact that we were able to absorb the impact – and still cut costs and materially increase investment spend- ing – is a source of pride to all of us. What is even more gratifying, however, is to see evidence of real growth in most businesses, something that is often a casualty in merger consolidations. In , real growth – albeit not always great growth – took place across the board. Retail increased its deposits, checking accounts and credit cards. Commercial Banking achieved growth in leasing, middle market lending and lia - bility balances. Treasury & Securities Services produced more custody business and had growth in liability balances. Asset & Wealth Management increased the level of assets under management. Card Services had growth in new cus - tomers, partners, card receivables and spending. Revenues in the Investment Bank increased in M&A, asset-backed securities, high-yield bonds and energy trading. 9 Equally important, we materially increased investment in areas that will drive future growth. Specifics include: spending hundreds of millions of dollars to open  new branches (this will drive growth in  and beyond); adding more retail loan officers; hiring additional private bankers; funding the build-out of our energy and mortgage trading capabilities in the Investment Bank; and investing in state-of-the-art “blink” credit card technology (which enables customers to use credit cards for small payments without having to sign anything). Now being piloted in six cities, blink is an investment that has put us at the fore- front of changes in payment systems and card innovation. In addition to making across-the-board investments to build our businesses, we are making investments in our infrastructure that anticipate growth and prepare us to successfully manage it for years to come. In , we invested over $ billion in platform conversions, including those for Texas and Card Services. By consolidating and improving platforms, we are elimi- nating the inefficiencies and competitive disadvantages associated with multiple operating platforms. In the process, we will create best-in-class platforms in many areas, such as global cash clearing, credit card, retail branches and some of our trading business. We believe that long-term success is not possible without great systems and operations. They will drive efficiency, innovation and speed to market. Much of this will be accomplished by the end of . III. Are we properly managing our risks? Almost all of our businesses are risk-taking businesses – and we spend a great deal of time thinking about all aspects and types of risk inherent in them, including: • Consumer and wholesale credit risk • Market and trading risk • Interest rate and liquidity risk • Reputation and legal risk • Operational and catastrophic risk The notable fact about the first three risk areas is that they are cyclical, and all of them have elements of unpredictabil- ity. This requires us to be prepared for inevitable cycles. A company that properly manages itself in bad times is often the winner. For us, sustaining our strength is a strategic imperative. If we are strong during tough times – when others are weak – then the opportunities can be limitless. Protecting the company is paramount. I will highlight the types of risks we focus on to give you a sense of the threat they pose and how we plan for it. Consumer and wholesale credit risk Over the years, our company has substantially reduced its wholesale credit exposure by using a disciplined process for extending credit and maximizing return on shareholder capital. In the consumer market, we have controlled our risk by limiting the amount of low-prime and sub-prime credit we issue in our card and other consumer businesses. In addition, we have decided, at the expense of losing some volume, not to offer higher-risk, less-tested loan products, such as negatively amortizing Option ARM s. While we are taking the right steps, we estimate that in a recession, consumer and wholesale credit costs could possibly get worse by more than $  billion. This daunting reality requires us to be prepared and well protected. Protection #  is having larger and more durable profits to absorb the losses. We are accomplishing this by increasing our margins virtually across the board. Protection #  is maintaining a fortress balance sheet. We try to understand and manage every asset and every liability and make sure that someone is accountable for each one. It also means maintaining, as much as possible, strong loan loss reserves. Finally, having a well-capitalized firm is critical. With Tier  capital at .% and total capital at %, we believe we are there. The important point is that we need to manage the business, the balance sheet and the investments to earn adequate returns through the cycles and to be prepared for surprises. We do not want to realize high returns at the top, only to give them all back at the worst part of the cycle. 10 Market and trading risk, and interest rate and liquidity risk We need to manage our risk–return payoff better in . In , our trading volatilities were unacceptably high. The $ billion in trading revenues (not a bad result on its own) was the result of two great quarters and two quarters where we underperformed. We think that is too much volatility, and reducing it is one of our priorities. I believe we can accomplish this by continuing to diversify our trad- ing business, by being more disciplined and precise in the execution of our risk management practices, and by hiring and retaining the best talent. We intend to deliver better, more consistent results over time, while maintaining our aggregate risk-taking appetite. The good news is that we have aggressively invested to gener- ate more diversified and consistent returns. For example, we have added energy trading, and increased our activities in mortgage- and asset-backed securities, and principal invest- ing. We have leadership positions in credit markets and in our derivatives franchises, and we will continue to invest in order to sustain them. And while in the short run, some of this has actually increased volatility, we are convinced that our efforts – consistently applied – will succeed. However, we caution our shareholders not to expect immediate results. Interest rate exposure is another area in which financial services companies can assume excess risk – often at great peril. As with underwriting credit, good analysis of interest rate exposure is rooted in facts and evaluations that are based upon a variety of realistic assumptions and scenarios. We devote substantial resources to understanding how interest rate changes will affect our performance. This analysis should be – and will be – an ongoing process. We believe that our company has carefully managed its interest rate risk so that even dramatic moves in rates of several per- centage points cannot alone damage the company. A healthy liquidity profile is essential to the ongoing via- bility of any company, financial or otherwise. We use a vari- ety of tools to maintain a strong liquidity position at the parent and subsidiary companies, including stress scenarios, collateral management and a conservative debt structure for the company overall. We engage in a continual dialogue with major rating agencies, and we are focused on main- taining and improving our strong credit ratings. Reputation and legal risk The litigation costs in business are well known. We are intensely focused on ways to safeguard the firm’s reputation and exposure. They include: • Senior management endorsement of a code of conduct that all employees must sign and adhere to, as well as a commitment to provide appropriate training. • A strong and independent compliance program that encourages employees to assist in surfacing compliance and ethical issues, and identifying money laundering and terrorist financing activities. • A more robust due diligence process focused on securi- ties underwriting transactions, where we have established centralized oversight of our processes and standards. • A disciplined governance process to address conflicts and review transactions that may present conflicts that could harm the firm now or in the future. • A productive and open dialogue with our regulators and an ongoing emphasis on staying alert to changes in regu - latory standards. We believe that these actions will mitigate our exposure, but we recognize, unfortunately, that they will not elimi- nate it. We have also implemented a disciplined process to continually review our liabilities and establish appropriate litigation reserves. While we make every effort to properly manage the company to reduce litigation and legal costs, we believe that our shareholders should assume that high legal costs will continue for the foreseeable future. They should be viewed, unfortunately, as simply a higher, perma- nent cost of doing business than in the past. Operational and catastrophic risk This year, we also made progress in strengthening our oper- ational risk management programs. We have a consistent approach across all businesses for defining and aggregating 11 our exposure to potential operational loss. This approach helps us determine whether we will be adequately capital- ized in the event of such a loss. In addition to carefully managing operational risk, we need to be prepared for unforeseen disasters. Catastrophic risk can take a variety of forms and significantly impair the performance and the operations of the company. We have formal disaster recov- ery and contingency plans in place. They worked well dur- ing Hurricane Katrina and the bombings in London, but we must continue to refine them as new risks appear. Whatever the type of risk, the key point is that we try to have a comprehensive approach to managing it. This requires that the right people be in the right jobs and that there be clear accountability in each business for managing risk in addition to rigorous corporate oversight. IV. Do we have the right people and the right compensation strategy? At the end of the day, it all comes down to people. We have great people in this company. As I travel across the United States and around the world, I have become increasingly impressed with the talent and potential of our employees. Rarely can a company assemble this level of creative fire- power and professional competence. To maximize the collective strength of our people, we will need to work better as a team. Great teams are not great because they have star athletes. Great teams are great because the players have learned how to work together and focus their collective energy and talent on winning. We are in the early stages of building a great team. The compensation cycle was difficult but productive this year. We are getting better at relating pay to performance. But there is still room for improvement. Increasingly, we also must orient ourselves to absolute performance against best- in-class targets, not simply improvement in performance. We want to be clear and truthful when we rate ourselves, and fair as well as effective when evaluating performance. Good performance goes beyond individual productivity to include group, unit and company performance. Compensation is not an entitlement; it should reflect an individual’s and a team’s contribution to helping make this a great company. We want to be one of the best-paying companies – but only when we are one of the best-performing companies. We also want our employees to feel and act like owners, which is why stock is an important part of our compensa- tion plans. Today more than , employees own, or have an option to own, approximately % of shares in the company. Executive Committee members are required to retain % of their stock awards as long as they are with the company. And in general, stock options are awarded on a limited basis. We continually review our benefits programs to assure that they are of value to employees and cost effective. For exam- ple, the company has excellent medical benefits programs, but we subsidize them more for lower-paid employees than we do for higher-paid employees. (I hope that this instills a sense of pride in our managers.) In addition, we no longer match highly paid employees in their (k); they have adequate pensions. We do not offer perks to executives like club memberships, financial planning and leased cars. We are reducing excessive execu- tive severance plans. But more importantly, we are paying our employees more. Our thinking is simple – less compen- sation through entitlements, more from performance. We want to pay more and let our employees spend what they earn as they see fit. We need to constantly remind ourselves that the most important thing we can do for employees is to build a healthy, vibrant company that treats people with respect and creates opportunity. Morale is not based upon perks; morale builds from respect, growth, innovation and success; from establishing a true meritocracy; from the stock per - forming well; from customers liking to do business with us. A great company will provide people with competitive compensation, the opportunity to benefit as the company grows and a rewarding career path. 12 V. Are we a good corporate citizen? JPMorgan Chase has been – and will continue to be – a good corporate citizen. It is vitally important and enormously gratifying to all of us. Our commitment to our communities is deep, broad and multifaceted. We strive to be a great place to work and do business, and our success allows us to give back to the neighborhoods and cities we serve. In one sense, we view ourselves as a small business. If we were the neighborhood store, we would give kids summer jobs, sponsor local sports teams and support community- based organizations. We operate this way in many of our communities around the world, striving to be as supportive as we can in all the communities we serve. We add value by focusing on issues that are universally important, including education and community develop- ment. We dedicate resources to develop signature programs that help communities overcome the challenges they face in these areas. We are morally, programmatically and institu- tionally committed to inclusiveness and diversity. JPMorgan Chase contributes more than $  million annu- ally to support local, national and international initiatives. Examples include: • Chase Early Emergent Leaders in Arizona, where we are funding a leadership and training program, and providing technological assistance and training in literacy skills. • Corporation for Supportive Housing in Ohio, where we are helping the homeless as well as individuals recov - ering from drug and alcohol addiction by giving them access to  units of affordable housing and providing them with the support they need to live independent, responsible and healthy lives. • South Bank Centre in London, where we are support- ing music and technology education that will help bring artistic programs to thousands of young people. • DonorsChoose in Chicago, where we are participating in an effort that uses the Internet to connect donors nationwide with underserved classrooms. We are helping to expand this program for public schools in states affected by Hurricane Katrina. • StreetSquash in New York City’s Harlem neighbor- hood, where we are funding a community youth facility that will serve over , students through academic and athletic programs. • Wilmington Housing Partnership in Delaware, where our support is helping develop over  affordable hous- ing units in our local communities. Our commitment to community involvement goes well beyond philanthropy. Across the country and around the world, we bring this commitment to life through a broad range of initiatives: • Community reinvestment. We have received outstand- ing ratings under the Community Reinvestment Act. In the past two years, we have fulfilled $  billion of an $ billion, -year commitment in the United States to provide community-development loans and invest- ments, small business loans and consumer mortgages for lower-income and minority households. • Community schools. We support community schools, which cost-effectively provide students in low-income communities with access to a broad range of services, including academic, health and extracurricular activities. In Chicago, we are partnering with the civic community, nonprofit groups and the Chicago Public School system to bring this model to scale. To date,  schools (%) have been converted into community schools. • Youth opportunity. We provide scholarships and internships to the underprivileged through our Smart Start program in New York City, and intend to expand the program to Louisiana in . In both the United States and the United Kingdom, we work to place outstanding students of color in summer intern positions through Sponsors for Educational Opportunity. We are also a significant contributor to UNCF . 13 • Volunteerism. Around the globe, employees build homes for people in need, work with children living in homeless shelters, collect food and gifts at holiday time, offer companionship to seniors, maintain our parks and provide relief to victims of disasters. • Workforce development. We help homeless people, welfare recipients, individuals with disabilities, and low-wage workers move toward economic and family stability by supporting organizations like Project Match and the hiring of individuals through the Chicago-based Cara program. • Hurricane relief. When Katrina struck the U.S. Gulf Coast, we tracked down our employees, guaranteed their jobs and provided funds to help them rebuild their lives. We offered programs and services to customers and communities, and let our competitors operate out of our branches. • Supporting employees serving in the military. We recognize the hardships employees face when called to active duty. We are doing whatever we can to support them by providing paid military leave, continuing most benefits and ensuring their jobs are waiting for them when they come home. We do not want to add financial hardship to their great sacrifice. • Protecting the environment. We have adopted a com- prehensive policy that makes environmental awareness part of our business model. We have tackled environ- mental risk management and taken a leadership role to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We are looking for ways to make our facilities more ener gy efficient and reduce the amount of paper we use. Of all these worthwhile efforts, the ones I find most person - ally inspiring come from our employees. All over the world, JPMorgan Chase employees of every nationality, race and socioeconomic background give their time and put their resources where their hearts are. They consistently stand ready to support disaster relief around the world, whether for victims of hurricanes in Louisiana, earthquakes in Pakistan, floods in Mumbai or bombings in London. We take our role as global corporate citizen seriously and personally, and I hope that all of our employees are proud of the work we collectively do around the world. In closing, our progress would not have been possible with- out tremendous dedication and talent at every level. Firstly, I want to thank Bill Harrison for his vision, leadership and great partnership. It has been an honor to work with him throughout this complex merger. The experience has been a rewarding one for me personally. Bill’s openness, honesty, maturity and experience are a great inspiration to me. I look forward to his counsel and support in the future. In addition, I thank our Board. Like this merger, our Board has come together in a very effective way, and has provided great advice and guidance to me and the management team. Finally, I thank the employees of JPMorgan Chase for their amazing efforts in . We have come a long way and are well on the road to realizing the vast potential of this company. An enormous amount of work remains, but I am confident that by working together, we will build the best financial services company in the world. James Dimon Chief Executive Officer March ,  14 2006 and beyond • Increase the consistency of our trading results and improve return on capital. • Continue to build out our securi- tized products, fixed income and foreign exchange prime brokerage, principal investments and energy businesses, particularly in Europe. • Expand distribution of structured products to retail clients through third parties. • Invest in strategic opportunities in select emerging markets. • Leverage global footprint – work across regions to deliver global solutions for clients. • Leverage significant cross-selling opportunities with Commercial Banking, Asset & Wealth Manage- ment, Treasury & Securities Services and Chase Home Finance. • Attract, develop and retain the best talent in the industry. Major 2005 accomplishments • Achieved a # ranking in both loans and high-yield bonds, globally and in the U.S. – the first investment bank to do so.(a) • Achieved # bookrunner ranking in U.S. Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities and #  globally for the first time.(a) • Expanded our energy business, adding power, coal and emissions to oil and gas capabilities to diversify risk and meet client needs. • Integrated JPMorgan Cazenove, winning key mandates and helping to achieve # rankings for Equities and M&A in the Europe, Middle East & Africa region. (b) • Acquired Neovest Holdings, Inc., a provider of high-performance trading technology and direct market access services to institutional investors, asset managers and hedge funds. • Strengthened our offerings in fixed income and foreign exchange prime brokerage. Investment Bank JPMorgan is one of the world’s leading investment banks with deep client relationships and product capabilities. Our clients are corporations, financial institutions, governments and institu- tional investors. We offer our clients a full platform that enables us to develop the most complete and innovative financial solutions in the industry. We have global leadership posi- tions in all our key products– mergers and acquisitions advice, capital raising, restructuring, risk management and research. JPMorgan also participates in proprietary trading and investing and market-making in cash securities and derivative instruments around the world. We continue to add to the breadth of our platform through organic growth and selective acquisitions, and by developing new products to meet the evolving needs of our clients. (a) Thomson Financial (b) Dealogic All 2004 information is on a pro forma combined- operating basis. See page 1 for details. (In millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Total net revenue $14,578 $13,506 Operating earnings 3,658 3,654 Return on common equity 18% 18% Pro forma 2005 highlights • #2 investment banking fee revenue globally(b) • #3 ranking in Global Announced M&A – advised on seven of the 10 largest M&A transactions (a) • Participant in five of the top 10 largest equity transactions globally • Energy Derivatives House of the Year award (Risk magazine, January 2006) • Loan House, U.S. High Yield Bond House, European Structured Equity House (IFR, January 2006) • #1 Interest Rate Swaps, Forward Rate Agreements, Cross-Currency Swaps, Credit Derivatives, Interest Rate Options, Exotic Interest Rate Products, Exotic Currency Products (RiskEnd User Rankings, April 2005) • Rebranded 1,400 Bank One branches and 3,400 ATMs to Chase in 10 states, leveraging increased visibility to expand existing relationships and generate new customers • Opened 150 bank branches and added 990 ATMs to make banking more convenient for our customers • Completed technology conversion in Texas, uniting 400 bank branches, 850 ATMs and 2 million customers on the same platform 15 2005 highlights 2006 and beyond • Expand branch network and sales staff while maintaining expense discipline to achieve consistent and profitable growth. • Increase mortgage origination market share by focusing on home buyers and by leveraging bank branches. Continue to add and integrate mortgage officers into the branch network. • Expand our student loan business to meet the needs of this growing market. Integrate the recently acquired Collegiate Funding Services. • Continue investing in state-of-the- art technology to improve the cus - tomer experience and sales process. Convert Retail platform in the Northeast in . • Rebrand the  remaining Bank One branches and retrofit  Chase branches in . Major 2005 accomplishments • Increased branch sales force by %, boosting sales of credit cards by % and mortgages and home equity loan balances by %. • Grew checking accounts by %, bring- ing the total to . million accounts. • Expanded mortgage product offerings to appeal to broader market, including first-time and minority home buyers, and increased focus on construction markets. • Invested in high-visibility, effective marketing to protect and enhance the Chase brand in the Northeast and the rebranded Bank One markets. • Enhanced ATM network, putting the Chase brand on  ATMs in Duane Reade stores (New York) and installing  ATMs in Walgreens (Arizona). Replaced  ATMs and rebranded , others. Retail Financial Services helps meet the financial needs of consumers and small businesses. We provide convenient consumer banking through the nation’s second-largest ATM network and fourth- largest branch network. We are the second-largest home equity originator, the fourth-largest mortgage originator and servicer, the largest non-captive originator of automobile loans and a top provider of loans for college students. We serve customers through more than 2,600 bank branches and 280 mortgage offices, and through relationships with 15,600 auto dealerships and 2,500 schools and universities. More than 11,000 branch salespeople assist customers with checking and savings accounts, mortgage and home equity loans, small business loans, investments and insurance across our 17-state footprint from New York to Arizona. An additional 1,500 mortgage officers provide home loans throughout the country. Retail Financial Services 2005 results reflect a special provision taken for Hurricane Katrina. All 2004 information is on a pro forma combined- operating basis. See page 1 for details. (In millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Total net revenue $14,830 $15,076 Operating earnings 3,427 3,279 Return on common equity 26% 25% Overhead ratio (ex. CDI) 55% 57% Pro forma 16 2005 highlights Card Services Major 2005 accomplishments • Acquired  million net new Visa, MasterCard and private-label accounts. • Increased our private-label business and gained ability to issue cards in Canada by acquiring the Sears Canada portfolio. • Issued more than  million Chase cards with “blink” in several major metro- politan markets, giving cardmembers and merchants a faster , more con- venient way to pay using contactless payment technology. • Increased merchant processing volume to $ billion. • Moved heritage Chase accounts to a new, more flexible and cost-effective processing system. • Completed rebranding efforts, changing more than  million cards to the new Chase brand. Launched high-profile “Your Choice. Your Chase.” advertising initiative. With more than 110 million cards in circulation and $142 billion in managed loans, Chase Card Services is one of the nation’s largest credit card issuers. Customers used Chase cards for more than $300 billion worth of transactions in 2005. Chase offers a wide variety of cards to satisfy the needs of individual consumers, small businesses and partner organiza- tions, including cards issued with AARP , Amazon, America Online, Continental Airlines, Marriott, Southwest Airlines, Starbucks, Sony, United Airlines, Universal Studios, Walt Disney Company, and many other well-known brands and organiza- tions. Chase also issues private-label and co-branded credit cards with Circuit City and Sears Canada. Through Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC, we are the largest processor of MasterCard and Visa payments in the world. • One of the largest credit card issuers • More than $300 billion in charge volume • $142 billion in managed loans • More than 110 million cards issued • Largest merchant acquirer in the world through Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC • More than 850 credit card partnerships with some of the world’s best-known brands 2006 and beyond • Develop innovative products and services to create differentiated value for consumers and partners and drive growth in number of cardmembers, outstandings and sales. • Expand the markets we serve to reach a broader base of customers. • Invest in marketing and technology initiatives designed to position Chase for superior long-term growth. • Cross-sell card products to the firm’s customers. • Continue to increase productivity by driving down operating cost per active account. • Establish Chase as an iconic brand by continually delivering on our brand promise through our employees, products and innovative new products. 2005 results reflect the impact of newly enacted bank- ruptcy legislation, as well as a special provision taken for Hurricane Katrina. All 2004 information is on a pro forma combined- operating basis. See page 1 for details. (In millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Total net revenue $15,366 $15,001 Operating earnings 1,907 1,681 Return on common equity 16% 14% Return on outstandings (pre-tax) 2.21% 2.08% Pro forma Major 2005 accomplishments • Achieved double-digit growth in treas- ury services by cross-selling liability balances, products and services. • Increased significantly the penetration of investment banking capabilities to the entire client base. • Enhanced the local coverage model by strengthening leadership through strategic hiring and talent management, and by promoting diversity and devel- oping employees. • Established a dedicated team to provide advice and financial solutions to clients with multinational needs. • Converted more than , customer relationships to a single deposit system, providing access to Chase’s extensive branch network. • Created operating efficiencies by integrating the heritage firms’ business credit and leasing business systems. • #1 large middle-market lender in the United States (Loan Pricing Corporation, 2005) • #1 asset-based lender in the United States (Loan Pricing Corporation, 2005) • 42% market penetration and 14% lead share in our 15-state footprint, nearly twice the lead share and penetration of our nearest competitor (2005 SRBI Footprint Study) • Average liability balances increased by more than $5.2 billion (up 8%), and average loan volumes grew by more than $1.9 billion (up 4%) • Aircraft and Municipal leasing specialties expanded by leveraging existing expertise 17 (In millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Total net revenue $3,596 $3,417 Operating earnings 1,007 992 Return on common equity 30% 29% Overhead ratio 52% 54% Pro forma Commercial Banking 2005 highlights Commercial Banking serves more than 25,000 clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and not-for-profit entities, with annual revenues generally ranging from $10 million to $2 billion. While most of our Middle Market clients are within the Retail Financial Services footprint, Commercial Banking also covers larger corporations, as well as local govern- ments and financial institutions on a national basis. We are a market leader with superior client penetration across the businesses we serve. Local market presence, coupled with industry expertise and excellent client service and risk man- agement, enables us to offer superior financial advice. Partnership with other JPMorgan Chase businesses positions us to deliver broad product capabilities – including lending, treasury services, investment banking, and asset and wealth management – and meet all our clients’ financial needs. 2006 and beyond • Cross-sell the company’s extensive product set to our existing client base while maintaining strong credit fundamentals. • Expand market share through increased prospect conversion, while focusing on prudent client selection. • Optimize our use of client and competitor information to drive best practices regarding the coverage model, product delivery and cus- tomer service. Direct investment resources and product capability to the highest-potential market sectors. • Outperform our peers in managing credit and operational risk. • Continue to leverage industry exper- tise, global capabilities and geographic presence as a competitive advantage. • Strengthen workforce through target- ed training on combined product and service capabilities. Continue to focus on diversity efforts and initiatives. All 2004 information is on a pro forma combined- operating basis. See page 1 for details. 18 Major 2005 accomplishments • Delivered double-digit revenue growth and increased net earnings by %. • Acquired Vastera to become the first financial institution to offer a complete, integrated global trade solution sup- porting both the movement of goods and financial settlements. • Built out alternative investment services by launching JPMorgan Private Equity Fund Services, which provides adminis- tration services to global private equity firms and institutional limited partners. • Accomplished  major merger mile- stones, contributing to the firm’s largest systems upgrade and the integration of Texas operations, and creating a single processing platform for U.S. dollar funds transfers. • Consolidated two securities processing organizations into one, Worldwide Securities Services, to leverage the client base and product offerings and to achieve efficiencies. 2005 highlights Treasury & Securities Services Treasury & Securities Services (TSS) is a global leader in transaction, investment and information services that support the needs of chief financial officers, treasurers, issuers and investors world- wide. TSS operates through two divisions: Treasury Services (TS) moves, concen- trates and invests client money, and provides trade finance and logistics solutions. The business ranks first in U.S. dollar clearing, processing an average of $3.2 trillion in wire transfers daily. Worldwide Securities Services (WSS) safekeeps, values, clears and services securities and portfolios for investors and broker-dealers; provides trustee and agent services; and is a leading manager of American Depositary Receipt programs. WSS is the world’s largest global custodian, with $11.2 trillion in total assets under custody and $6.8 trillion of trust securities under administration. • Double-digit year-over-year growth in assets under custody (up 21%), Automated Clearing House Originations (up 18%), International Electronic Funds Transfer volume (up 92%) and wholesale cards issued (up 12%) • #1 in U.S. Dollar Treasury Clearing (a), Commercial Payments(a), Automated Clearing House Originations(b), CHIPS(c) and Fedwire(d) • #1 Trustee for new U.S. Corporate Debt, excluding asset- and mortgage-backed securities (by number of issues), and Global Trustee of U.S. Collateralized Debt Obligations(e) • #1 U.S. Commercial Paper Issuing & Paying Agent(e) • Liability balances increased by $29.3 billion, to $164.3 billion 2006 and beyond • Focus on product delivery by customer segment. • Continue to expand alternative investment services. • Leverage the full capabilities of the firm to develop innovative solutions and cross-sell products with the Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Small Business and Asset & Wealth Management. • Achieve market differentiation by delivering competitively superior client service. • Continue to focus on productivity and expense control to maximize earnings and fund investments in the business. • Invest in technology and people to improve productivity and ensure the reliability needed to support quality client service and future business growth. (a) FImetrix (b) NACHA (c) The Clearing House (d) Federal Reserve (e) Thomson Financial All 2004 information is on a pro forma combined- operating basis. See page 1 for details. (In millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Total net revenue $6,241 $ 5,400 Operating earnings 1,037 437 Return on common equity 55% 23% Pre-tax operating margin 26% 12% Pro forma 19 2005 highlights Major 2005 accomplishments • Achieved record earnings, % revenue growth, % earnings growth and a % improvement in pre-tax margin to %. • Completed the largest U.S. mutual fund merger in history. • Surpassed $  billion in Private Client Services assets under supervision. • Reached the milestone of  million participants in our Retirement Plan Services business. • Became the largest seller of mutual funds in Europe. Generated more than $  billion of net flows, with $ billion flowing into long-term funds and over $  billion into liquidity funds. • Delivered strong investment perfor- mance. Globally, % of our long-term mutual fund assets were ranked in first- or second-quartile funds for the five years ended December , . Asset & Wealth Management provides investment advice and management for institutions and individuals. With assets under supervision of $1.1 trillion, we are one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. We serve four distinct client groups through three businesses: institutions through JPMorgan Asset Management; ultra-high-net-worth clients through the Private Bank; high-net-worth clients through Private Client Services; and retail clients through JPMorgan Asset Management. The majority of our client assets are in actively managed portfolios. We have global investment expertise in equities, fixed income, real estate, hedge funds, private equity and liquidity, including both money- market instruments and bank deposits. We also provide trust and estate services to ultra-high-net-worth and high-net-worth clients, and retirement services for corporations and individuals. 2006 and beyond • Continue to deliver strong investment performance through rigorous review of investment strategies and diversifi- cation of investment processes. • Expand third-party distribution of our investment management products and services, capitalizing on industry shifts toward open architecture and outsourcing of asset management. • Respond to increasing demand for absolute-return investing by expanding our offering of alternative products globally and staying at the forefront of that move. • Grow our (k) and IRA rollover retail channels through targeted marketing at both the corporate and participant levels and leveraging our connectivity with the rest of the firm. • Extend our Private Bank and Private Client Services footprint, gain efficiencies and expand Private Client Services investment offerings. • $1.1 trillion in total assets under supervision at year-end • Grew assets under management by $56 billion to a total of $847 billion, including $32 billion of net flows • Created shared-services organization to leverage economies of scale between Private Client Services and the Private Bank • Sold BrownCo, a discount brokerage firm, for $1.6 billion • Successfully completed first year of integration with Highbridge, with its assets under management increasing by 8% Asset &Wealth Management All 2004 information is on a pro forma combined- operating basis. See page 1 for details. (In millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Total net revenue $5,664 $4,901 Operating earnings 1,216 879 Return on common equity 51% 37% Pre-tax operating margin 33% 28% Pro forma 20 Community Partnership 2005 highlights Major 2005 accomplishments • Supported thousands of nonprofit organizations around the world. • Invested $ billion in the second year of our -year pledge to invest $ billion in U.S. communities – the largest commitment by any financial services firm. Total investment to date is $  billion. • Expanded our Community Advisory Board to include  members representing communities throughout our footprint. • Increased management accountability for creating a diverse senior leadership team. • Implemented a comprehensive environ- mental policy by adopting the Equator Principles, guidelines that promote environmental and social risk manage- ment in project financing. The policy also addresses climate change, sustainable forestry, habitat protection, illegal logging and the concerns of indigenous peoples. JPMorgan Chase invests in organizations and programs that strengthen the neighborhoods, schools and the econo- mic vitality of the communities we serve around the world. We also respond when disaster strikes. JPMorgan Chase provided programs and services to communities devastated by Hurricane Katrina. We donated millions of dollars to help relieve suffering caused by the Gulf Coast storms, and by the London bombings and the Pakistan earthquake, as well. We expanded access to capital in low- and moderate-income communities, providing home mortgages, small busi- ness loans, investments, and innovative development programs and services. We took concrete action to protect the environment,adopting policies and practices to preserve our planet for future generations. Within JPMorgan Chase, we are building an inclusive culture in which everyone has the opportunity to contribute, develop and succeed based on their talent and skills. In an increasingly global economy, the diverse experiences and perspectives of our people are a critical asset. • Contributed nearly $112 million to nonprofit organizations worldwide, including funds directed by employees through our matching-gift and volunteer programs • Won $75 million New Markets Tax Credit; part of the Community Renewal Tax Relief Act, this program facilitates investment in low-income areas. Used funds to provide capital at favorable terms to low-income communities; will also support the work of community-development financial institutions • Recognized as a “Low Carbon Leader” by BusinessWeek and the United Kingdom-based Climate Group for our leadership on climate change in financial services 2006 and beyond • Continue to work with not-for-profits around the world to effect positive change in the communities where we operate. • Focus efforts on the credit and com- munity-development needs of New Orleans and the Gulf Coast region. • Support our communities in the third year of our $  billion commitment. • Continue to develop a diverse pool of talented employees at all levels to help us meet the unique financial needs of diverse individuals, families, businesses and communities. • Increase the energy efficiency of our facilities and work toward reducing our U.S. greenhouse gas emissions over time. • Continue to raise employees’ aware- ness of environmental issues and their relevance to individuals’ day-to- day work. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 21 Table of contents Financial: 22 Five-year summary of consolidated financial highlights Management’s discussion and analysis: 23 Introduction 25 Executive overview 27 Consolidated results of operations 31 Explanation and reconciliation of the Firm’s use of non-GAAP financial measures 34 Business segment results 55 Balance sheet analysis 56 Capital management 58 Off –balance sheet arrangements and contractual cash obligations 60 Risk management 61 Liquidity risk management 63 Credit risk management 75 Market risk management 79 Operational risk management 80 Reputation and fiduciary risk management 80 Private equity risk management 81 Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm 83 Accounting and reporting developments 84 Nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts at fair value Audited financial statements: 85 Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting 86 Report of independent registered public accounting firm 87 Consolidated financial statements 91 Notes to consolidated financial statements Supplementary information: 133 Selected quarterly financial data 134 Glossary of terms 135 Forward-looking statements Merger with Bank One Corporation Effective July 1, 2004, Bank One Corporation (“Bank One”) merged with and into JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Merger”). As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of common stock of Bank One was converted in a stock-for-stock exchange into 1.32 shares of common stock of J PMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase”). The Merger was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Accordingly, the Firm’s results of operations for 2004 include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results only and 2003 results of operations ref lect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. For additional information regarding the Merger, see Note 2 on page 92 of this Annual Report. 22 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report (unaudited) (in millions, except per share, headcount and ratio data) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only As of or for the year ended December 31, 2005 2004(e) 2003 2002 2001 Selected income statement data Noninterest revenue $ 34,702 $ 26,336 $ 20,419 $ 17,436 $ 17,943 Net interest income 19,831 16,761 12,965 12,178 11,401 Total net revenue 54,533 43,097 33,384 29,614 29,344 Provision for credit losses 3,483 2,544 1,540 4,331 3,182 Noninterest expense before Merger costs and Litigation reserve charge 35,549 29,294 21,716 20,254 21,073 Merger and restructuring costs 722 1,365 — 1,210 2,523 Litigation reserve charge 2,564 3,700 100 1,300 — Total noninterest expense 38,835 34,359 21,816 22,764 23,596 Income before income tax expense and effect of accounting change 12,215 6,194 10,028 2,519 2,566 Income tax expense 3,732 1,728 3,309 856 847 Income before effect of accounting change 8,483 4,466 6,719 1,663 1,719 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (net of tax) — — — — (25) Net income $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 $ 1,694 Per common share Net income per share: Basic $ 2.43 $ 1.59 $ 3.32 $ 0.81 $ 0.83 (f) Diluted 2.38 1.55 3.24 0.80 0.80 (f) Cash dividends declared per share 1.36 1.36 1.36 1.36 1.36 Book value per share 30.71 29.61 22.10 20.66 20.32 Common shares outstanding Average: Basic 3,492 2,780 2,009 1,984 1,972 Diluted 3,557 2,851 2,055 2,009 2,024 Common shares at period-end 3,487 3,556 2,043 1,999 1,973 Selected ratios Return on common equity (“ROE”) 8% 6% 16% 4% 4% Return on assets (“ROA”) (a) 0.72 0.46 0.87 0.23 0.23 Tier 1 capital ratio 8.5 8.7 8.5 8.2 8.3 Total capital ratio 12.0 12.2 11.8 12.0 11.9 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.3 6.2 5.6 5.1 5.2 Selected balance sheet data (period-end) Total assets $ 1,198,942 $ 1,157,248 $770,912 $ 758,800 $ 693,575 Securities 47,600 94,512 60,244 84,463 59,760 Loans 419,148 402,114 214,766 216,364 217,444 Deposits 554,991 521,456 326,492 304,753 293,650 Long-term debt 108,357 95,422 48,014 39,751 39,183 Common stockholders’ equity 107,072 105,314 45,145 41,297 40,090 Total stockholders’ equity 107,211 105,653 46,154 42,306 41,099 Credit quality metrics Allowance for credit losses $ 7,490 $ 7,812 $ 4,847 $ 5,713 $ 4,806 Nonperforming assets (b) 2,590 3,231 3,161 4,821 4,037 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (c) 1.84% 1.94% 2.33% 2.80% 2.25% Net charge-offs $ 3,819 $ 3,099 $ 2,272 $ 3,676 $ 2,335 Net charge-off rate (c) 1.00% 1.08% 1.19% 1.90% 1.13% Headcount 168,847 160,968 96,367 97,124 95,812 (g) Share price (d) High $ 40.56 $ 43.84 $ 38.26 $ 39.68 $ 59.19 Low 32.92 34.62 20.13 15.26 29.04 Close 39.69 39.01 36.73 24.00 36.35 (a) Represents Net income divided by Total average assets. (b) Excludes wholesale purchased held-for-sale (“HFS”) loans purchased as part of the Investment Bank’s proprietary activities. (c) Excluded from the allowance coverage ratios were end-of-period loans held-for-sale; and excluded from the net charge-off rate s were average loans held-for-sale. (d) JPMorgan Chase’s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the London Stock Exchange Limited and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The high, low and closing prices of JPMorgan Chase’s common stock are from The New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape. (e) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (f) Basic and diluted earnings per share were each reduced by $0.01 in 2001 because of the impact of the adoption of SFAS 133 relating to the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities. (g) Represents full-time equivalent employees, as headcount data is unavailable. Five-year summary of consolidated financial highlights JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 23 the largest noncaptive originator of automobile loans as well as a top provider of loans for college students. Through its Insurance operations, the Firm sells and underwrites an extensive range of financial protection products and investment alternatives, including life insurance, annuities and debt protection products. Card Services Card Services (“CS”) is one of the largest issuers of credit cards in the United States, with more than 110 million cards in circulation, and is the largest merchant acquirer. CS offers a wide variety of products to satisfy the needs of its cardmembers, including cards issued on behalf of many well-known partners, such as major airlines, hotels, universities, retailers and other financial institutions. Commercial Banking Commercial Banking (“CB”) serves more than 25,000 clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and not-for-profit entities with annual revenues generally ranging from $10 million to $2 billion. While most Middle Market clients are within the Retail Financial Services footprint, CB also covers larger corporations, as well as local governments and financial institutions on a national basis. CB is a market leader with superior client penetration across the businesses it serves. Local market presence, coupled with industry expertise and excellent client service and risk management, enable CB to offer superior financial advice. Partnership with other JPMorgan Chase businesses positions CB to deliver broad product capabilities – including lending, treasury services, investment banking, and asset and wealth management – and meet its clients’ financial needs. Treasury & Securities Services Treasury & Securities Services (“TSS”) is a global leader in providing transaction, investment and information services to support the needs of corporations, issuers and institutional investors worldwide. TSS is one of the largest cash management providers in the world and a leading global custodian. The Treasury Services (“TS”) business provides a variety of cash management products, trade finance and logistics solutions, wholesale card products, and short-term liquidity management tools. The Investor Services (“IS”) business provides custody, fund services, securities lending, and performance measure- ment and execution products. The Institutional Trust Services (“ITS”) business provides trustee, depository and administrative servicesfor debt and equity issuers. TS partners with the Commercial Banking, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Asset & Wealth Management businesses to serve clients firmwide. As a result, certain TS revenues are included in other seg- ments’ results. TSS combined the management of the IS and ITS businesses under the name Worldwide Securities Services (“WSS”) to create an integrat- ed franchise which provides custody and investor services as well as securities clearance and trust services to clients globally. Beginning January 1, 2006, TSS will report results for two divisions: TS and WSS. Introduction JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with $1.2 trillion in assets, $107 billion in stockholders’ equity and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and businesses, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management and private equity. Under the JPMorgan, Chase and Bank One brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. JPMorgan Chase’s principal bank subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank”), a national banking association with branches in 17 states; and Chase Bank USA, National Association, a national bank that is the Firm’s credit card issuing bank. JPMorgan Chase’s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P . Morgan Securities Inc. (“JPMSI”), the Firm’s U.S. investment banking firm. JPMorgan Chase’s activities are organized, for management reporting purposes, into six business segments, as well as Corporate. The Firm’s wholesale businesses comprise the Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services, and Asset & Wealth Management. The Firm’s consumer businesses comprise Retail Financial Services and Card Services. A description of the Firm’s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases, follows. Investment Bank JPMorgan Chase is one of the world’s leading investment banks, as evidenced by the breadth of the Investment Bank client relationships and product capabilities. The Investment Bank (“IB”) has extensive relationships with corporations, financial institutions, governments and institutional investors worldwide. The Firm provides a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital raising in equity and debt markets, sophisticated risk management, and market-making in cash securities and derivative instruments. The Investment Bank also commits the Firm’s own capital to proprietary investing and trading activities. Retail Financial Services Retail Financial Services (“RFS”) includes Home Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking, Auto & Education Finance and Insurance. Through this group of businesses, the Firm provides consumers and small businesses with a broad range of financial products and services including deposits, investments, loans and insurance. Home Finance is a leading provider of consumer real estate loan products and is one of the largest originators and servicers of home mortgages. Consumer & Small Business Banking offers one of the largest branch networks in the United States, covering 17 states with 2,641 branches and 7,312 automated teller machines (“ATMs”). Auto & Education Finance is This section of the Annual Report provides management’s discussion and analysis (“MD&A”) of the financial condition and results of opera- tions for JPMorgan Chase. See the Glossary of terms on pages 134–135 for definitions of terms used throughout this Annual Report. The MD&A included in this Annual Report contains statements that are forward- looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause JPMorgan Chase’s results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. Certain of such risks and uncertainties are described herein (see Forward-looking statements on page 135 of this Annual Report) and in the JPMorgan Chase Annual Report on Form 10–K (“Form 10–K”) for the year ended December 31, 2005, in Part I, Item 1A: Risk factors, to which reference is hereby made. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 24 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Asset & Wealth Management Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”) provides investment advice and management for institutions and individuals. With Assets under supervision of $1.1 trillion, AWM is one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. AWM serves four distinct client groups through three businesses: institutions through JPMorgan Asset Management; ultra-high-net-worth clients through the Private Bank; high-net-worth clients through Private Client Services; and retail clients through JPMorgan Asset Management. The majority of AWM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. AWM has global investment expertise in equities, fixed income, real estate, hedge funds, private equity and liquidity, including both money market instruments and bank deposits. AWM also pro- vides trust and estate services to ultra-high-net-worth and high-net-worth clients, and retirement services for corporations and individuals. 2005 Business events Collegiate Funding Services On March 1, 2006, JPMorgan Chase acquired, for approximately $663 million, Collegiate Funding Services, a leader in student loan servicing and consolida- tion. This acquisition will enable the Firm to create a comprehensive education finance business. BrownCo On November 30, 2005, JPMorgan Chase sold BrownCo, an on-line deep- discount brokerage business, to E*TRADE Financial for a cash purchase price of $1.6 billion. JPMorgan Chase recognized an after-tax gain of $752 million. Sears Canada credit card business On November 15, 2005, JPMorgan Chase purchased Sears Canada Inc.’s credit card operation, including both the private-label card accounts and the co-branded Sears MasterCard ® accounts. The credit card operation includes approximately 10 million accounts with $2.2 billion (CAD$2.5 billion) in managed loans. Sears Canada and JPMorgan Chase entered into an ongoing arrangement under which JPMorgan Chase will offer private-label and co- branded credit cards to both new and existing customers of Sears Canada. Chase Merchant Services, Paymentech integration On October 5, 2005, JPMorgan Chase and First Data Corp. completed the integration of the companies’ jointly owned Chase Merchant Services and Paymentech merchant businesses, to be operated under the name of Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC. The joint venture is the largest financial transaction processor in the U.S. for businesses accepting credit card payments via traditional point of sale, Internet, catalog and recurring billing. As a result of the integration into a joint venture, Paymentech has been deconsolidated and JPMorgan Chase’s ownership interest in this joint venture is accounted for in accordance with the equity method of accounting. Neovest Holdings, Inc. On September 1, 2005, JPMorgan Chase completed its acquisition of Neovest Holdings, Inc., a provider of high-performance trading technology and direct market access. This transaction will enable the Investment Bank to offer a leading, broker-neutral trading platform across asset classes to institutional investors, asset managers and hedge funds. Enron litigation settlement On June 14, 2005, JPMorgan Chase announced that it had reached an agreement in principle to settle, for $2.2 billion, the Enron class action litigation captioned Newby v. Enron Corp. The Firm also recorded a nonoperating charge of $1.9 billion (pre-tax) to cover the settlement and to increase its reserves for certain other remaining material legal matters. Vastera On April 1, 2005, JPMorgan Chase acquired Vastera, a provider of global trade management solutions, for approximately $129 million. Vastera’s business was combined with the Logistics and Trade Services businesses of TSS’ Treasury Services unit. Vastera automates trade management processes asso- ciated with the physical movement of goods internationally; the acquisition enables TS to offer management of information and processes in support of physical goods movement, together with financial settlement. WorldCom litigation settlement On March 17, 2005, JPMorgan Chase settled, for $2.0 billion, the WorldCom, Inc. class action litigation. In connection with the settlement, JPMorgan Chase increased the Firm’s Litigation reserve by $900 million. JPMorgan Partners On March 1, 2005, the Firm announced that the management team of JPMorgan Partners, LLC, a private equity unit of the Firm, will become independent when it completes the investment of the current $6.5 billion Global Fund, which it advises. The buyout and growth equity professionals of JPMorgan Partners will form a new independent firm, CCMP Capital, LLC, and the venture professionals will separately form a new independent firm, Panorama Capital, LLC. JPMorgan Chase has committed to invest the lesser of $875 million or 24.9% of the limited part- nership interests in the fund to be raised by CCMP Capital, and has committed to invest the lesser of $50 million or 24.9% of the limited partnership interests in the fund to be raised by Panorama Capital. The investment professionals of CCMP and Panorama will continue to manage the JPMP investments pursuant to a management agreement with the Firm. Cazenove On February 28, 2005, JPMorgan Chase and Cazenove Group plc (“Cazenove”) formed a business partnership which combined Cazenove’s investment banking business and JPMorgan Chase’s U.K.-based investment banking business in order to provide investment banking services in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The new company is called JPMorgan Cazenove Holdings. Subsequent events Sale of insurance underwriting business On February 7, 2006, JPMorgan Chase announced that the Firm has agreed to sell its life insurance and annuity underwriting businesses to Protective Life Corporation for a cash purchase price of approximately $1.2 billion. The sale, which includes both the heritage Chase insurance business and the life business that Bank One had bought from Zurich Insurance in 2003, is subject to normal regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2006. JPMorgan Chase anticipates the transaction will have no material impact on earnings. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 25 Executive overview This overview of management’s discussion and analysis highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Annual Report. For a more complete understanding of events, trends and uncertainties, as well as the liquidity, capital, credit and market risks, and the critical accounting estimates, affecting the Firm and the lines of business, this Annual Report should be read in its entirety. Financial performance of JPMorgan Chase As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share and ratio data) 2005 2004(a) Change Total net revenue $ 54,533 $ 43,097 27% Provision for credit losses 3,483 2,544 37 Total noninterest expense 38,835 34,359 13 Net income 8,483 4,466 90 Net income per share – diluted 2.38 1.55 54 Average common equity 105,507 75,641 39 Return on common equity (“ROE”) 8% 6% Loans $ 419,148 $ 402,114 4% Total assets 1,198,942 1,157,248 4 Deposits 554,991 521,456 6 Tier 1 capital ratio 8.5% 8.7% Total capital ratio 12.0 12.2 (a) Includes six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. Business overview 2005 represented the Firm’s first full year as a merged company; 2004 included six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. Therefore, comparisons between the two years are significantly affected by the Merger. In addition, other key factors affecting 2005 results included litigation charges to settle the Enron and Worldcom class actions, a special provision for credit losses related to Hurricane Katrina, the impact of the new bankruptcy legislation on credit card charge-offs and the sale of BrownCo, as well as the global economic and market environments. In 2005, the Firm successfully completed a number of milestones in the execution of its Merger integration plan. Key accomplishments included: launching a national advertising campaign that introduced a modernized Chase brand; the conversion of 1,400 Bank One branches, 3,400 ATMs and millions of Bank One credit cards to the Chase brand; completing the operating platform conversion in Card Services; and executing a major systems conversion in Texas that united 400 Chase and Bank One branches and over 800 ATMs under common systems and branding. These accomplishments resulted in continued efficiencies from the Merger, and the Firm made significant progress toward reaching the merger- related savings target of approximately $3.0 billion by the end of 2007. The Firm realized approximately $1.5 billion of merger savings in 2005, bringing estimated cumulative savings to $1.9 billion, and the annualized run-rate of savings entering 2006 is approximately $2.2 billion. In order to achieve these savings, the Firm expensed merger-related costs of $722 million during the year, bringing the total cumulative amount expensed since the Merger announcement to $2.1 billion. Management continues to estimate remaining Merger costs of approximately $0.9 billion to $1.4 billion, which are expected to be expensed over the next two years. The Board of Directors announced in the fourth quarter that James Dimon, President and Chief Operating Officer, would succeed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William B. Harrison, Jr. as Chief Executive Officer on December 31, 2005. Mr. Harrison remains Chairman of the Board. The Firm reported 2005 net income of $8.5 billion, or $2.38 per share, compared with net income of $4.5 billion, or $1.55 per share, for 2004. The return on common equity was 8% compared with 6% in 2004. Results included $2.0 billion in after-tax charges, or $0.57 per share, which included nonoperating litigation charges of $1.6 billion and Merger costs of $448 million. Excluding these charges, operating earnings were $10.5 billion, or $2.95 per share, and return on common equity was 10%. Operating earnings represent business results without merger-related costs, nonoperating litiga- tion-related charges and recoveries, and costs related to conformance of accounting policies. In 2005, both the U.S. and global economies continued to expand. Gross domestic product increased by an estimated 3.0% globally with the U.S. economy growing at a slightly faster pace. The U.S. economy experienced continued rising short-term interest rates, which were driven by Federal Reserve Board actions during the course of the year. The federal funds rate increased from 2.25% to 4.25% during the year, and the yield curve flattened as long term interest rates remained broadly steady. Equity markets, both domestic and international, reflected positive performance, with the S&P 500 up 3% and international indices increasing over 20%. Capital markets activity was very strong during 2005, with debt and equity underwriting and merger and acquisition activity surpassing 2004 levels. The U.S. consumer sector showed continued strength buoyed by overall economic strength, which benefited from good levels of employment and retail sales that increased versus the prior year. This strength came despite slowing mortgage origination and refinance activity as well as significantly higher bankruptcy filings due to the new bankruptcy legislation which became effective in October 2005. The 2005 economic environment was a contributing factor to the performance of the Firm and each of its businesses. The overall economic expansion and strong level of capital markets activity helped to drive new business volume and sales growth within each business. The interest rate environment negatively affected both wholesale and consumer loan spreads, though wholesale liability spreads widened over the course of the year, benefiting Treasury & Securities Services and Commercial Banking. Additionally, the credit quality of the loan portfolio continued to remain strong, reflecting the beneficial economic environment, despite the impacts of accelerated bankruptcy filings and Hurricane Katrina. The discussion that follows highlights, on an operating basis and excluding the impact of the Merger, the performance of each of the Firm’s lines of business. Investment Bank operating earnings benefited from higher revenue and a continued benefit from the Provision for credit losses, which were offset by increased compensation expense. Revenue growth was driven by higher, although volatile, fixed income trading results, stronger equity commissions and improved investment banking fees, all of which benefited from strength in global capital markets activity. Investment banking fees had particular strength in advisory, reflecting in part the benefit of the business partnership with Cazenove, which was formed in February of 2005. As in 2004, the Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 26 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Provision for credit losses in 2005 was a benefit to earnings, mainly due to continued improvement in the credit quality of the loan portfolio. The increase in expense was primarily the result of higher performance-based incentive compensation due to increased revenues. Retail Financial Services operating earnings benefited from the overall strength of the U.S. economy, which led to increased deposit, home equity and mortgage balances. In addition to the benefit from higher balances, revenues increased due to improved mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) risk management results. Expenses declined, reflecting ongoing efficiency improvements across all businesses even as investments continued in retail banking distribution and sales, with the net addition during the year of 133 branch offices, 662 ATMs and over 1,300 personal bankers. These benefits were offset partially by narrower spreads on loans due to the interest rate environment and net losses associated with loan portfolio sale activity. The provision for credit losses benefited from improved credit trends in most consumer lending portfolios and from loan portfolio sales, but was affected negatively by a special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. Card Services operating earnings benefited from lower expenses driven by merger savings and greater efficiencies from the operating platform conversion, which resulted in lower processing and compensation costs. Revenue benefited from higher loan balances and customer charge volume resulting from marketing initiatives and increased consumer spending. Partially offsetting this growth were narrower spreads on loan balances due to an increase in accounts in their introductory rate period and higher interest rates. The managed provision for credit losses increased due to record levels of bankruptcy-related charge-offs related to the new bankruptcy legislation that became effective in October 2005 and a special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. Despite these events, underlying credit quality remained strong, with a managed net charge-off ratio of 5.21%, down from 5.27% in 2004. Commercial Banking operating earnings benefited from wider spreads and higher volumes related to liability balances and increased loan balances. Partially offset- ting these benefits were narrower loan spreads related to competitive pressures in some markets and lower deposit-related fees due to higher interest rates. The provision for credit losses increased due to a special provision related to Hurricane Katrina, increased loan balances and refinements in the data used to estimate the allowance for credit losses. However, the underlying credit quality in the portfolio was strong throughout the year, as evidenced by lower net charge-offs and nonperforming loans compared with 2004. Treasury & Securities Services operating earnings grew significantly in 2005. Revenue growth resulted from business growth and widening spreads on, and growth in, liability balances, all of which benefited from global economic strength and capital market activity. Partially offsetting this growth were lower deposit-related fees due to higher interest rates. Expenses decreased due to lower software impairment charges, partially offset by higher compen- sation expense resulting from new business growth, the Vastera acquisition completed in April, and by charges taken in the second quarter to terminate a client contract. Asset & Wealth Management operating earnings benefited from net asset inflows and asset appreciation, both the result of favorable capital markets and improved investment performance, which resulted in an increased level of Assets under management. Results also benefited from the acquisition of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management in the fourth quarter of 2004 and growth in deposit and loan balances. Expenses increased due pri- marily to the acquisition of Highbridge and higher performance-based incentive compensation related to increased revenue. Corporate segment operating earnings were affected negatively by repositioning of the Treasury Investment portfolio. This decline was offset partially by the gain on the sale of BrownCo of $1.3 billion (pre-tax) and improved Private Equity results. The Firm had, at year-end, total stockholders’ equity of $107 billion, and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%. The Firm purchased $3.4 billion, or 93.5 million shares of common stock during the year. 2006 Business outlook The following forward-looking statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause JPMorgan Chase’s results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. JPMorgan Chase’s outlook for 2006 should be viewed against the backdrop of the global economy, financial markets and the geopolitical environment, all of which are integrally linked. While the Firm considers outcomes for, and has contingency plans to respond to, stress environments, the basic outlook for 2006 is predicated on the interest rate movements implied in the forward rate curve for U.S. treasuries, the continuation of favorable U.S. and international equity markets and continued expansion of the global economy. The performance of the Firm’s capital markets and wholesale businesses are affected by overall global economic growth and by financial market movements and activity levels. The Investment Bank enters 2006 with a strong investment banking fee pipeline and continues to focus on new product expansion initiatives, such as commodities and securitized products, which are intended to benefit growth and reduce volatility in trading results over time. Compared with 2005, the Investment Bank anticipates lower credit portfolio revenues due to reduced gains from loan workouts. Asset & Wealth Management anticipates continued growth driven by continued net inflows to Assets under supervision. Treasury & Securities Services and Commercial Banking expect growth due to increased business activity and product sales. Retail Financial Services anticipates benefiting from the expanded branch network and salesforce, and improved sales productivity and cross-selling in the branches, partially offset by pressure on loan and deposit spreads due to the higher interest rate environment. The acquisition of Collegiate Funding Services is expected to contribute modestly to earnings in 2006. Card Services anticipates that managed receivables will grow in line with the overall credit card industry, benefiting from marketing initiatives, new partnerships and the acquisition of the Sears Canada credit card business. Revenues and expenses also will reflect the full-year impact of the Paymentech deconsolidation and the acquisition of the Sears Canada credit card business. The Corporate segment includes Private Equity, Treasury and other corporate support units. The revenue outlook for the Private Equity business is directly related to the strength of the equity markets and the performance of the under- lying portfolio investments. If current market conditions persist, the Firm antici- pates continued realization of private equity gains in 2006, but results can be volatile from quarter to quarter. It is anticipated that Treasury net interest JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 27 income will gradually improve and that the net loss in Other Corporate will be reduced as merger savings and other expense reduction initiatives, such as less excess real estate, are realized. The Provision for credit losses in 2006 is anticipated to be higher than in 2005, primarily driven by a trend toward a more normal level of provisioning for credit losses in the wholesale businesses. The consumer Provision for credit losses in 2006 should reflect generally stable underlying asset quality. However, it is anticipated that the first half of 2006 will experience lower credit card net charge-offs, as the record level of bankruptcy filings in the fourth quarter of 2005 are believed to have included bankruptcy filings that would otherwise have occurred in 2006. The second half of 2006 is expected Consolidated results of operations The following section provides a comparative discussion of JPMorgan Chase’s consolidated results of operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended December 31, 2005. Factors that are related primarily to a single business segment are discussed in more detail within that business segment than they are in this consolidated section. For a discussion of the Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm that affect the Consolidated results of operations, see pages 81–83 of this Annual Report. Revenue Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Investment banking fees $ 4,088 $ 3,537 $ 2,890 Trading revenue 5,860 3,612 4,427 Lending & deposit related fees 3,389 2,672 1,727 Asset management, administration and commissions 10,390 8,165 6,039 Securities/private equity gains 473 1,874 1,479 Mortgage fees and related income 1,054 806 790 Credit card income 6,754 4,840 2,466 Other income 2,694 830 601 Noninterest revenue 34,702 26,336 20,419 Net interest income 19,831 16,761 12,965 Total net revenue $ 54,533 $ 43,097 $ 33,384 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2005 compared with 2004 Total net revenue for 2005 was $54.5 billion, up 27% from 2004, primarily due to the Merger, which affected every revenue category. The increase from the prior year also was affected by a $1.3 billion gain on the sale of BrownCo; higher Trading revenue; and higher Asset management, administration and commissions, which benefited from several new investments and growth in Assets under management and assets under custody. These increases were offset partly by available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities losses as a result of repositioning of the Firm’s Treasury investment portfolio. The discussions that follow highlight factors other than the Merger that affected the 2005 versus 2004 comparison. The increase in Investment banking fees reflected continued strength in advisory, equity and debt underwriting, with particular growth in Europe, which benefited from the business partnership with Cazenove. Trading revenue increased from 2004, reflecting strength in fixed income, equities and commodities. For a further discussion of Investment banking fees and Trading revenue, which are primarily recorded in the IB, see the IB segment results on pages 36 –38 of this Annual Report. The higher Lending & deposit-related fees were driven by the Merger; absent the effects of the Merger, the deposit-related fees would have been lower due to rising interest rates. In a higher interest-rate environment, the value of deposit balances to a customer is greater, resulting in a reduction of deposit- related fees. For a further discussion of liability balances (including deposits) see the CB and TSS segment discussions on pages 47–48 and 49–50, respectively, of this Annual Report. The increase in Asset management, administration and commissions revenue was driven by incremental fees from several new investments, including a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management, LLC, the business part- nership with Cazenove and the acquisition of Vastera. Also contributing to the higher level of revenue was an increase in Assets under management, reflecting net asset inflows, mainly in equity-related products, and global equity market appreciation. In addition, Assets under custody were up due to market value appreciation and new business. Commissions rose as a result of a higher volume of brokerage transactions. For additional information on these fees and commissions, see the segment discussions for IB on pages 36–38, AWM on pages 51–52 and TSS on pages 49–50 of this Annual Report. to include increased credit card delinquencies and net charge-offs as a result of implementation of new FFIEC minimum payment rules. Firmwide expenses are anticipated to benefit as the run rate of merger savings is expected to reach approximately $2.8 billion by the end of 2006 driven by activities such as the tri-state retail conversion and data center upgrades. Offsetting the merger savings will be continued investment in distribution enhancements and new product offerings; extensive merger integration activities and upgrading of technology; and expenses related to recent acquisitions, such as the Sears Canada credit card business and Collegiate Funding Services. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 28 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The decline in Securities/private equity gains reflected $1.3 billion of securities losses, as compared with $338 million of gains in 2004. The losses resulted primarily from repositioning the Firm’s Treasury investment portfolio in response to rising interest rates. The securities losses were offset partly by higher private equity gains due to a continuation of favorable capital markets conditions. For a further discussion of Securities/private equity gains, which are recorded primarily in the Firm’s Treasury and Private Equity businesses, see the Corporate segment discussion on pages 53–54 of this Annual Report. Mortgage fees and related income increased due to improvements in risk management results related to MSR assets.Mortgage fees and related income exclude the impact of NII and AFS securities gains related to home mortgage activities. For a discussion of Mortgage fees and related income, which is recorded primarily in RFS’s Home Finance business, see the segment discussion for RFS on pages 39–44 of this Annual Report. Credit card income rose as a result of higher interchange income associated with the increase in charge volume. This increase was offset partially by higher volume-driven payments to partners; rewards expense; and the impact of the deconsolidation of Paymentech, which was deconsolidated upon completion of the integration of Chase Merchant Services and the Paymentech merchant processing businesses in 2005. For a further discussion of Credit card income, see CS segment results on pages 45–46 of this Annual Report. The increase in Other income primarily reflected a $1.3 billion pre-tax gain on the sale of BrownCo to E *TRADE Financial; higher gains from loan workouts and loan sales; and higher revenues as a result of a shift from financing leases to operating leases in the auto business. These gains were offset partly by write-downs on auto loans that were transferred to held-for-sale and a one- time gain in 2004 on the sale of an investment. Net interest income rose as a result of higher average volume of, and wider spreads on, liability balances. Also contributing to the increase was higher average volume of wholesale and consumer loans, in particular, home equity and credit card loans. These increases were offset partially by narrower spreads on consumer and wholesale loans and on trading assets, as well as reduced Treasury investment portfolio levels. The Firm’s total average interest- earning assets in 2005 were $916 billion, up 23% from the prior year. The net interest yield on these assets, on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, was 2.19%, a decrease of six basis points from the prior year. 2004 compared with 2003 Total net revenues, at $43.1 billion, rose by $9.7 billion, or 29%, primarily due to the Merger, which affected every category of Total net revenue. The discussion that follows highlights factors other than the Merger that affected the 2004 versus 2003 comparison. The increase in Investment banking fees was driven by significant gains in underwriting and advisory activities as a result of increased global market volumes and market share gains. Trading revenue declined by 18%, primarily due to lower portfolio management results in fixed income and equities. Lending & deposit related fees were up from 2003 due to the Merger. The rise was offset partially by lower deposit-related fees, as clients paid for services with deposits versus fees due to rising interest rates. Throughout 2004, deposit balances grew in response to rising interest rates. The increase in Asset management, administration and commissions was driven also by the full-year impact of other acquisitions – such as EFS in January 2004, Bank One’s Corporate Trust business in November 2003 and JPMorgan Retirement Plan Services in June 2003 – as well as the effect of global equity market appreciation, net asset inflows and a better product mix. In addition, a more active market for trading activities in 2004 resulted in higher brokerage commissions. Securities/private equity gains for 2004 rose from the prior year, primarily fueled by the improvement in the Firm’s private equity investment results. This change was offset by lower securities gains on the Treasury investment portfo- lio as a result of lower volumes of securities sold, and lower gains realized on sales due to higher interest rates. Additionally, RFS’s Home Finance business reported losses in 2004 on AFS securities, as compared with gains in 2003. For a further discussion of securities gains, see the RFS and Corporate segment discussions on pages 39–44 and 53–54, respectively, of this Annual Report. Mortgage fees and related income rose as a result of higher servicing revenue; this improvement was offset partially by lower MSR risk management results and prime mortgage production revenue, and by lower gains from sales and securitizations of subprime loans as a result of management’s decision in 2004 to retain these loans. Mortgage fees and related income exclude the impact of NII and securities gains related to home mortgage activities. Credit card income increased from 2003 as a result of higher customer charge volume, which resulted in increased interchange income, and higher credit card servicing fees associated with an increase of $19.4 billion in average securitized loans. The increases were offset partially by higher volume-driven payments to partners and rewards expense. The increase in Other income from 2003 reflected gains on leveraged lease transactions, the sale of an investment in 2004 and higher net results from corporate- and bank-owned life insurance policies. These positive factors in 2004 were offset partially by gains on sales of several nonstrategic businesses and real estate properties in 2003. Net interest income rose from 2003 as growth in volumes of consumer loans and deposits, as well as wider spreads on deposits, contributed to higher net interest income. These positive factors were offset partially by lower wholesale loan balances in the IB and tighter spreads on loans, investment securities and trading assets stemming from the rise in interest rates. The Firm’s total average interest-earning assets for 2004 were $744 billion, up $154 billion from 2003. The net interest yield on these assets, on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, was 2.25% in 2004, an increase of four basis points from the prior year. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 29 Compensation expense rose as a result of higher performance-based incentives; additional headcount due to the insourcing of the Firm’s global technology infrastructure (effective December 31, 2004, when JPMorgan Chase terminated the Firm’s outsourcing agreement with IBM); the impact of several investments, including Cazenove, Highbridge and Vastera; the accelerated vesting of certain employee stock options; and business growth. The effect of the termination of the IBM outsourcing agreement was to shift expenses from Technology and communications expense to Compensation expense. The increase in Compensation expense was offset partially by merger-related savings through- out the Firm. For a detailed discussion of employee stock-based incentives, see Note 7 on pages 100–102 of this Annual Report. The increase in Occupancy expense was primarily due to the Merger, partially offset by lower charges for excess real estate and a net release of excess property tax accruals, compared with $103 million of charges for excess real estate in 2004. Technology and communications expense was down only slightly. This reduction reflects the offset of six months of the combined Firm’s results for 2004 against the full-year 2005 impact from termination of the JPMorgan Chase outsourcing agreement with IBM. The reduction in Technology and communi- cations expense due to the outsourcing agreement termination is mostly offset by increases in Compensation expense related to additional headcount and investments in the Firm’s hardware and software infrastructure. Professional and outside services were higher compared with the prior year as a result of the insourcing of the Firm’s global technology infrastructure, upgrades to the Firm’s systems and technology, and business growth. These expenses were offset partially by expense-management initiatives. Marketing expense was higher compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of the Merger and the cost of advertising campaigns to launch the new Chase brand. The increase in Other expense reflected incremental expenses related to investments made in 2005, as well as an increase in operating charges for legal matters. Also contributing to the increase was a $93 million charge taken by TSS to terminate a client contract and a $40 million charge taken by RFS related to the dissolution of a student loan joint venture. These items were offset partially by lower software impairment write-offs, merger-related savings and other efficiencies. For a discussion of Amortization of intangibles and Merger costs, refer to Note 15 and Note 8 on pages 114–116 and 103, respectively, of this Annual Report. The 2005 nonoperating Litigation reserve charges that were recorded by the Firm were as follows: a $1.9 billion charge related to the settlement of the Enron class action litigation and for certain other material legal proceedings and a $900 million charge for the settlement costs of the WorldCom class action litigation; these were partially offset by a $208 million insurance recovery related to certain material litigation. In comparison, 2004 included a $3.7 billion nonoperating charge to increase litigation reserves. For a further discussion of litigation, refer to Note 25 on page 123 of this Annual Report. Provision for credit losses 2005 compared with 2004 The Provision for credit losses was $3.5 billion, an increase of $939 million, or 37%, from 2004, reflecting the full-year impact of the Merger. The wholesale Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $811 million for the year compared with a benefit of $716 million in the prior year, reflecting continued strength in credit quality. The wholesale loan net recovery rate was 0.06% in 2005, an improvement from a net charge-off rate of 0.18% in the prior year. The total consumer Provision for credit losses was $4.3 billion, $1.9 billion higher than the prior year, primarily due to the Merger, higher bankruptcy-related net charge-offs in Card Services and a $350 million special provision for Hurricane Katrina. 2004 included accounting policy conformity adjustments as a result of the Merger. Excluding these items, the consumer portfolio continued to show strength in credit quality. The Firm had total nonperforming assets of $2.6 billion at December 31, 2005, a decline of $641 million, or 20%, from the 2004 level of $3.2 billion. For further information about the Provision for credit losses and the Firm’s management of credit risk, see the Credit risk management discussion on pages 63–74 of this Annual Report. 2004 compared with 2003 The Provision for credit losses of $2.5 billion was up $1.0 billion, or 65%, compared with 2003. The impact of the Merger and accounting policy conformity charges of $858 million were offset partially by releases in the allowance for credit losses related to the wholesale loan portfolio, primarily due to improved credit quality in the IB, and the sale of the manufactured home loan portfolio in RFS. Noninterest expense Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Compensation expense $ 18,255 $ 14,506 $ 11,387 Occupancy expense 2,299 2,084 1,912 Technology and communications expense 3,624 3,702 2,844 Professional & outside services 4,224 3,862 2,875 Marketing 1,917 1,335 710 Other expense 3,705 2,859 1,694 Amortization of intangibles 1,525 946 294 Merger costs 722 1,365 — Litigation reserve charge 2,564 3,700 100 Total noninterest expense $ 38,835 $ 34,359 $ 21,816 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2005 compared with 2004 Noninterest expense was $38.8 billion, up 13% from the prior year, primarily due to the full-year impact of the Merger. Excluding Litigation reserve charges and Merger costs, Noninterest expense would have been $35.5 billion, up 21%. In addition to the Merger, expenses increased as a result of higher performance- based incentives, continued investment spending in the Firm’s businesses and incremental marketing expenses related to launching the new Chase brand, par- tially offset by merger-related savings and other efficiencies throughout the Firm. Each category of Noninterest expense was affected by the Merger. The discus- sions that follow highlight factors other than the Merger that affected the 2005 versus 2004 comparison. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 30 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 2004 compared with 2003 Noninterest expense was $34.4 billion in 2004, up $12.5 billion, or 57%, primarily due to the Merger. Excluding $1.4 billion of Merger costs, and Litigation reserve charges, Noninterest expense would have been $29.3 billion, up 35%. The discussion that follows highlights other factors affecting the 2004 versus 2003 comparison. Compensation expense was up from 2003, primarily due to strategic invest- ments in the IB and continuing expansion in RFS. These factors were offset partially by ongoing efficiency improvements and merger-related savings throughout the Firm, and by a reduction in pension costs. The decline in pension costs was attributable mainly to the increase in the expected return on plan assets resulting from a discretionary $1.1 billion contribution to the Firm’s pension plan in April 2004, partially offset by changes in actuarial assumptions for 2004 compared with 2003. The increase in Occupancy expense was offset partly by lower charges for excess real estate, which were $103 million in 2004 compared with $270 million in 2003. Technology and communications expense was higher than in the prior year as a result of higher costs associated with greater use of outside vendors, primarily IBM, to support the global infrastructure requirements of the Firm. For a further discussion regarding the IBM outsourcing agreement, see the Corporate segment discussion on page 53 of this Annual Report. Professional & outside services rose due to higher legal costs associated with litigation matters, as well as outside services stemming from recent acquisi- tions — primarily Electronic Financial Services (“EFS”), and growth in business at TSS and CS. Marketing expense rose as CS initiated a more robust marketing campaign during 2004. Other expense was up due to software impairment write-offs of $224 million, primarily in TSS and Corporate, compared with $60 million in 2003; higher operating charges for legal matters; and growth in business volume. These expenses were offset partly by a $57 million settlement related to the Enron surety bond litigation. For a discussion of Amortization of intangibles and Merger costs, refer to Note 15 and Note 8 on pages 114–116 and 103, respectively. In June of 2004, JPMorgan Chase recorded a $3.7 billion addition to the Litigation reserve. By comparison, 2003 included a charge of $100 million for Enron-related litigation. Income tax expense The Firm’s Income before income tax expense, Income tax expense and effective tax rate were as follows for each of the periods indicated: Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except rate) 2005 2004 2003 Income before income tax expense $12,215 $ 6,194 $10,028 Income tax expense 3,732 1,728 3,309 Effective tax rate 30.6% 27.9% 33.0% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2005 compared with 2004 The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily the result of higher reported pre-tax income combined with changes in the proportion of income subject to federal, state and local taxes. Also contributing to the increase were lower 2005 nonoperating charges and a gain on the sale of BrownCo, which were taxed at marginal tax rates of 38% and 40%, respectively. These increases were offset partially by a tax benefit of $55 million recorded in connection with the repatriation of foreign earnings. 2004 compared with 2003 The reduction in the effective tax rate for 2004, as compared with 2003, was the result of various factors, including lower reported pre-tax income, a higher level of business tax credits, and changes in the proportion of income subject to federal, state and local taxes, partially offset by purchase accounting adjustments related to leveraged lease transactions. The Merger costs and accounting policy conformity adjustments recorded in 2004, and the Litigation reserve charge recorded in the second quarter of 2004, reflected a tax benefit at a 38% marginal tax rate, contributing to the reduction in the effective tax rate compared with 2003. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 31 The Firm prepares its Consolidated financial statements using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”); these financial statements appear on pages 87–90 of this Annual Report. That presentation, which is referred to as “reported basis,” provides the reader with an understanding of the Firm’s results that can be tracked consistently from year to year and enables a comparison of the Firm’s performance with other companies’ U.S. GAAP financial statements. In addition to analyzing the Firm’s results on a reported basis, management reviews the Firm’s and the lines’ of business results on an operating basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Firm’s definition of operating basis starts with the reported U.S. GAAP results. Operating basis excludes: (i) merger costs, (ii) the nonoperating litigation charges taken and insurance recoveries received with respect to certain of the Firm’s material litigation; and (iii) costs related to the conformance of certain accounting policies as a result of the Merger. Management believes these items are not part of the Firm’s normal daily business operations and, therefore, not indicative of trends, as they do not provide meaningful comparisons with other periods. For additional detail on nonoperating litigation charges, see the Glossary of terms on page 134 of this Annual Report. In addition, the Firm manages its lines of business on an operating basis. In the case of the Investment Bank, noninterest revenue on an operating basis includes, in trading-related revenue, net interest income related to trading activities. Trading activities generate revenues, which are recorded for U.S. GAAP purposes in two line items on the income statement: trading revenue, which includes the mark-to-market gains or losses on trading positions; and net interest income, which includes the interest income or expense related to those positions. The impact of changes in market interest rates will either be recorded in Trading revenue or Net interest income depending on whether the trading position is a cash security or a derivative. Combining both the trading revenue and related net interest income allows management to evaluate the economic results of the Investment Bank’s trading activities, which for GAAP purposes are reported in both Trading revenue and Net interest income. In management’s view, this presentation also facilitates operating comparisons to competitors. For a discussion of trading-related revenue, see the IB on pages 36–38 of this Annual Report. In the case of Card Services, operating basis is also referred to as “managed basis,” and excludes the impact of credit card securitizations on total net revenue, the provision for credit losses, net charge-offs and loan receivables. This presentation is provided to facilitate operating comparisons to competi- tors. Through securitization, the Firm transforms a portion of its credit card receivables into securities, which are sold to investors. The credit card receiv- ables are removed from the consolidated balance sheet through the transfer of the receivables to a trust, and the sale of undivided interests to investors that entitle the investors to specific cash flows generated from the credit card receivables. The Firm retains the remaining undivided interests as seller’s interests, which are recorded in Loans on the Consolidated balance sheets. A gain or loss on the sale of credit card receivables to investors is recorded in Other income. Securitization also affects the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income as interest income, certain fee revenue, recoveries in excess of interest paid to the investors, gross credit losses and other trust expenses related to the securitized receivables are all reclassified into credit card income. For a reconciliation of reported to managed basis of Card Services results, see page 46 of this Annual Report. For information regarding loans and residual interests sold and securitized, see Note 13 on pages 108–111 of this Annual Report.JPMorgan Chase uses the concept of “managed receivables” to evaluate the credit performance and overall financial performance of the underlying credit card loans, both sold and not sold: as the same borrower is continuing to use the credit card for ongoing charges, a borrower’s credit performance will affect both the loan receivables sold under SFAS 140 and those not sold. Thus, in its disclosures regarding managed loan receivables, JPMorgan Chase treats the sold receivables as if they were still on the balance sheet in order to disclose the credit performance (such as net charge-off rates) of the entire managed credit card portfolio. In addition, Card Services operations are funded, operating results are evaluated, and decisions are made about allocating resources such as employees and capital based upon managed financial information. Finally, commencing with the first quarter of 2005, operating revenue (noninterest revenue and net interest income) for each of the segments and the Firm is presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Accordingly, revenue from tax exempt securities and investments that receive tax credits are presented in the operating results on a basis comparable to taxable securities and invest- ments. This non-GAAP financial measure allows management to assess the comparability of revenues arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to these items is recorded within income tax expense. The Corporate sector’s and the Firm’s operating revenue and income tax expense for the periods prior to the first quarter of 2005 have been restated to be similarly presented on a tax-equivalent basis. This restatement had no impact on the Corporate sector’s or the Firm’s operating earnings. Management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures at the segment level because it believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors in understanding the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitate a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors. Explanation and reconciliation of the Firm’s use of non-GAAP financial measures Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 32 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm’s reported GAAP results to operating results: (Table continues on next page) Year ended December 31,(a) 2005 2004 (in millions, except Reported Credit Nonoperating Tax-equivalent Operating Reported Credit Nonoperating Tax-equivalent Operating per share and ratio data) results card (b) items adjustments basis results card (b) items adjustments basis Revenue Investment banking fees $ 4,088 $ — $ — $ — $ 4,088 $ 3,537 $ — $ — $ — $ 3,537 Trading revenue(c) 6,019 — — — 6,019 5,562 — — — 5,562 Lending & deposit related fees 3,389 — — — 3,389 2,672 — — — 2,672 Asset management, administration and commissions 10,390 — — — 10,390 8,165 — — — 8,165 Securities/private equity gains 473 — — — 473 1,874 — — — 1,874 Mortgage fees and related income 1,054 — — — 1,054 806 — — — 806 Credit card income 6,754 (2,718) — — 4,036 4,840 (2,267) — — 2,573 Other income 2,694 — — 571 3,265 830 (86) 118 (3) 317 1,179 Noninterest revenue(c) 34,861 (2,718) — 571 32,714 28,286 (2,353) 118 317 26,368 Net interest income(c) 19,672 6,494 — 269 26,435 14,811 5,251 — 6 20,068 Total net revenue 54,533 3,776 — 840 59,149 43,097 2,898 118 323 46,436 Provision for credit losses 3,483 3,776 — — 7,259 2,544 2,898 (858) (4) — 4,584 Noninterest expense Merger costs 722 — (722) (1) —— 1,365 — (1,365) (1) —— Litigation reserve charge 2,564 — (2,564) (2) —— 3,700 — (3,700) (2) —— All other noninterest expense 35,549 — — — 35,549 29,294 — — — 29,294 Total noninterest expense 38,835 — (3,286) — 35,549 34,359 — (5,065) — 29,294 Income before income tax expense 12,215 — 3,286 840 16,341 6,194 — 6,041 323 12,558 Income tax expense 3,732 — 1,248 840 5,820 1,728 — 2,296 323 4,347 Net income $ 8,483 $ — $ 2,038 $ — $ 10,521 $ 4,466 $ — $ 3,745 $ — $ 8,211 Earnings per share – diluted $ 2.38 $ — $ 0.57 $ — $ 2.95 $ 1.55 $ — $ 1.31 $ — $ 2.86 Return on common equity 8% —% 2% —% 10% 6% —% 5% —% 11% Return on equity less goodwill 14 — 3 — 17 9— 7— 1 6 Return on assets 0.72 NM NM NM 0.84 0.46 NM NM NM 0.81 Overhead ratio 71 NM NM NM 60 80 NM NM NM 63 Effective income tax rate 31 NM 38 NM 36 28 NM 38 NM 35 Loans–Period-end $ 419,148 $ 70,527 — — $ 489,675 $402,114 $70,795 — — $ 472,909 Total assets – average 1,185,066 67,180 — — 1,252,246 962,556 (a) 51,084 (a) — — 1,013,640 (a) (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 refle cts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) The impact of credit card securitizations affects CS. See pages 45–46 of this Annual Report for further information. (c) Trading-related net interest income reclassification Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Trading revenue – reported (d) $ 5,860 $ 3,612 $ 4,427 Trading-related NII 159 1,950 2,129 Trading revenue – adjusted (d) $ 6,019 $ 5,562 $ 6,556 Net interest income – reported $ 19,831 $ 16,761 $ 12,965 Trading-related NII (159) (1,950) (2,129) Net interest income – adjusted $ 19,672 $ 14,811 $ 10,836 (d) Reflects Trading revenue at the Firm level. The majority of Trading revenue is recorded in the Investment Bank. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 33 Nonoperating Items The reconciliation of the Firm’s reported results to operating results in the accompanying table sets forth the impact of several nonoperating items incurred by the Firm in 2005 and 2004. These nonoperating items are excluded from Operating earnings, as management believes these items are not part of the Firm’s normal daily business operations and, therefore, not indicative of trends as they do not provide meaningful comparisons with other periods. These items include Merger costs, nonoperating litiga- tion charges and insurance recoveries, and charges to conform account- ing policies, each of which is described below: (1) Merger costs of $722 million in 2005 and $1.4 billion in 2004 reflect costs associated with the Merger. (2) Net nonoperating litigation charges of $2.6 billion and $3.7 billion were taken in 2005 and 2004, respectively. (3) Other income in 2004 reflects $118 million of other accounting policy conformity adjustments. (4) The Provision for credit losses in 2004 reflects $858 million of accounting policy conformity adjustments, consisting of a $1.4 billion charge related to the decertification of the seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a benefit of $584 million related to conforming wholesale and consumer credit provision methodologies for the combined Firm. Calculation of Certain GAAP and Non-GAAP Metrics The table below reflects the formulas used to calculate both the following GAAP and non-GAAP measures: Return on common equity Reported Net income* / Average common equity Operating Operating earnings* / Average common equity Return on equity less goodwill (a) Reported Net income* / Average common equity less goodwill Operating Operating earnings*/ Average common equity less goodwill Return on assets Reported Net income / Average assets Operating Operating earnings / Average managed assets Overhead ratio Reported Total noninterest expense / Total net revenue Operating Total noninterest expense / Total net revenue * Represents earnings applicable to common stock (Table continued from previous page) 2003 Reported Credit Nonoperating Tax-equivalent Operating results card (b) items adjustments basis $ 2,890 $ — $ — $ — $ 2,890 6,556 — — — 6,556 1,727 — — — 1,727 6,039 — — — 6,039 1,479 — — — 1,479 790 — — — 790 2,466 (1,379) — — 1,087 601 (71) — 89 619 22,548 (1,450) — 89 21,187 10,836 3,320 — 44 14,200 33,384 1,870 — 133 35,387 1,540 1,870 — — 3,410 —— — — — 100 — — — 100 21,716 — — — 21,716 21,816 — — — 21,816 10,028 — — 133 10,161 3,309 — — 133 3,442 $ 6,719 $ — $ — $ — $ 6,719 $ 3.24 $ — $ — $ — $ 3.24 16% —% —% —% 16% 19 — — — 19 0.87 NM NM NM 0.83 65 NM NM NM 62 33 NM NM NM 34 $214,766 $ 34,856 — — $ 249,622 775,978 32,365 — — 808,343 (a) The Firm uses return on equity less goodwill, a non-GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the operating performance of the Firm. The Firm utilizes this measure to facilitate operating comparisons to competitors. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 34 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Business segment results The Firm is managed on a line-of-business basis. The business segment financial results presented reflect the current organization of JPMorgan Chase. There are six major business segments: the Investment Bank, Retail Financial Services, Card Services, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management, as well as a Corporate segment. The segments are based upon the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on an operating basis. Segment results – Operating basis (a)(b) (Table continues on next page) Year ended December 31, Total net revenue Noninterest expense (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Change 2005 2004 Change Investment Bank $ 14,578 $ 12,605 16% $ 9,739 $ 8,696 12% Retail Financial Services 14,830 10,791 37 8,585 6,825 26 Card Services 15,366 10,745 43 4,999 3,883 29 Commercial Banking 3,596 2,374 51 1,872 1,343 39 Treasury & Securities Services 6,241 4,857 28 4,470 4,113 9 Asset & Wealth Management 5,664 4,179 36 3,860 3,133 23 Corporate (1,126) 885 NM 2,024 1,301 56 Total $ 59,149 $ 46,436 27% $ 35,549 $ 29,294 21% (a) Represents reported results on a tax-equivalent basis and excludes the impact of credit card securitizations; Merger costs, li tigation reserve charges and insurance recoveries deemed nonoperating; and accounting policy conformity adjustments related to the Merger. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (c) As a result of the Merger, new capital allocation methodologies were implemented during the third quarter of 2004. The capital allocated to each line of business considers several factors: stand- alone peer comparables, economic risk measures and regulatory capital requirements. In addition, effective with the third quarter of 2004, goodwill, as well as the associated capital, is only allocated to the Corporate line of business. Prior periods have not been revised to reflect these new methodologies and are not comparable to the presentation beginning in the third quarter of 2004. In connection with the Merger, business segment reporting was realigned to reflect the new business structure of the combined Firm. Treasury was transferred from the IB into Corporate. The segment formerly known as Chase Financial Services had been comprised of Chase Home Finance, Chase Cardmember Services, Chase Auto Finance, Chase Regional Banking and Chase Middle Market; as a result of the Merger, this segment is now called Retail Financial Services and is comprised of Home Finance, Auto & Education Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Insurance. Chase Cardmember Services is now its own segment called Card Services, and Chase Middle Market moved into Commercial Banking. Investment Management & Private Banking was renamed Asset & Wealth Management. JPMorgan Partners, which formerly was a stand-alone business segment, was moved into Corporate. Corporate currently comprises Private Equity (JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners) and Treasury, and the corporate support areas, which include Central Technology and Operations,Audit, Executive Office, Finance, Human Resources,Marketing & Communications, Office of the General Counsel, Corporate Real Estate and General Services, Risk Management, and Strategy and Development. Beginning January 1, 2006, TSS will report results for two divisions: TS and WSS. WSS was formed by consolidating IS and ITS. Segment results for periods prior to July 1, 2004, reflect heritage JPMorgan Chase-only results and have been restated to reflect the current business segment organization and reporting classifications. Asset & Wealth Management Businesses: • Treasury Services • Worldwide Securities Services: - Investor Services - Institutional Trust Services JPMorgan Chase Businesses: • Middle Market Banking • Mid-Corporate Banking • Real Estate • Chase Business Credit • Chase Equipment Leasing Commercial Banking Businesses: • Investment banking: - Advisory - Debt and equity underwriting • Market-making and trading: - Fixed income - Equities • Corporate lending Investment Bank Retail Financial Services Card Services Businesses: • Investment Management: - Institutional - Retail • Private Banking • Private Client Services Businesses: • Credit Card • Merchant Acquiring Businesses: • Home Finance • Consumer & Small Business Banking • Auto & Education Finance • Insurance Treasury & Securities Services I JPMorgan is the brand name. Chase is the brand name. Segment results – Operating basis (a)(b) (Table continued from previous page) Year ended December 31, Operating earnings Return on common equity – goodwill (c) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 Change 2005 2004 Investment Bank $ 3,658 $ 2,948 24% 18% 17% Retail Financial Services 3,427 2,199 56 26 24 Card Services 1,907 1,274 50 16 17 Commercial Banking 1,007 608 66 30 29 Treasury & Securities Services 1,037 440 136 55 17 Asset & Wealth Management 1,216 681 79 51 17 Corporate (1,731) 61 NM NM NM Total $ 10,521 $ 8,211 28% 17% 16% JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 35 and are retained in Corporate. These retained expenses include parent company costs that would not be incurred if the segments were stand-alone businesses; adjustments to align certain corporate staff, technology and operations allocations with market prices; and other one-time items not aligned with the business segments. During 2005, the Firm refined cost allocation methodologies related to certain corporate functions, technology and operations expenses in order to improve transparency, consistency and accountability with regard to costs allocated across business segments. Prior periods have not been revised to reflect these new cost allocation methodologies. Capital allocation Each business segment is allocated capital by taking into consideration stand- alone peer comparisons, economic risk measures and regulatory capital requirements. The amount of capital assigned to each business is referred to as equity. At the time of the Merger, goodwill, as well as the associated capital, was allocated solely to Corporate. Effective January 2006, the Firm expects to refine its methodology for allocating capital to the business segments to include any goodwill associated with line of business-directed acquisitions since the Merger. U.S. GAAP requires the allocation of goodwill to the business segments for impairment testing (see Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm and Note 15 on pages 81– 83 and 114–116, respectively, of this Annual Report). See the Capital management section on page 56 of this Annual Report for a discussion of the equity framework. Credit reimbursement TSS reimburses the IB for credit portfolio exposures the IB manages on behalf of clients the segments share. At the time of the Merger, the reimbursement methodology was revised to be based upon pre-tax earnings, net of the cost of capital related to those exposures. Prior to the Merger, the credit reimbursement was based upon pre-tax earnings, plus the allocated capital associated with the shared clients. Tax-equivalent adjustments Segment and Firm results reflect revenues on a tax-equivalent basis for segment reporting purposes. Refer to Explanation and reconciliation of the Firm’s non-GAAP financial measures on page 31 of this Annual Report for additional details. Description of business segment reporting methodology Results of the business segments are intended to reflect each segment as if it were essentially a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives these results allocates income and expense using market-based methodologies. Effective with the Merger on July 1, 2004, several of the allocation methodologies were revised, as noted below. As prior periods have not been revised to reflect these new methodologies, they are not comparable to the presentation of periods beginning with the third quarter of 2004. Further, the Firm continues to assess the assumptions, methodologies and reporting reclassifications used for segment reporting, and further refinements may be implemented in future periods. Revenue sharing When business segments join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients, the participating business segments agree to share revenues from those transactions. These revenue-sharing agreements were revised on the Merger date to provide consistency across the lines of business. Funds transfer pricing Funds transfer pricing (“FTP”) is used to allocate interest income and expense to each business and transfer the primary interest rate risk exposures to Corporate. The allocation process is unique to each business and considers the interest rate risk, liquidity risk and regulatory requirements of its stand- alone peers. Business segments may retain certain interest rate exposures, subject to management approval, that would be expected in the normal operation of a similar peer business. In the third quarter of 2004, FTP was revised to conform the policies of the combined firms. Expense allocation Where business segments use services provided by support units within the Firm, the costs of those support units are allocated to the business segments. Those expenses are allocated based upon their actual cost, or the lower of actual cost or market cost, as well as upon usage of the services provided. Effective with the third quarter of 2004, the cost allocation methodologies of the heritage firms were aligned to provide consistency across the business segments. In addition, expenses related to certain corporate functions, technology and operations ceased to be allocated to the business segments Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 36 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings of $3.7 billion were up 24%, or $710 million, from the prior year. The increase was driven by the Merger, higher revenues and an increased benefit from the Provision for credit losses. These factors were partially offset by higher compensation expense. Return on equity was 18%. Net revenue of $14.6 billion was up $2.0 billion, or 16%, over the prior year, representing the IB’s highest annual revenue since 2000, driven by strong Fixed Income and Equity Markets and Investment banking fees. Investment banking fees of $4.1 billion increased 15% from the prior year driven by strong growth in advisory fees resulting in part from the Cazenove business partnership. Advisory revenues of $1.3 billion were up 35% from the prior year, reflecting higher market volumes. Debt underwriting revenues of $2.0 billion increased by 6% driven by strong loan syndication fees. Equity underwriting fees of $864 million were up 11% from the prior year driven by improved market share. Fixed Income Markets revenue of $7.2 billion increased 15%, or $928 million, driven by stronger, although volatile, trading results across commodities, emerging markets, rate markets and currencies. Equities Markets revenues increased 21% to $1.8 billion, primarily due to increased commissions, which were offset partially by lower trading results, which also experienced a high level of volatility. Credit Portfolio revenues were $1.4 billion, up $213 million from the prior year due to higher gains from loan workouts and sales as well as higher trading revenue from credit risk management activities. The Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $838 million compared with a benefit of $640 million in 2004. The increased benefit was due primarily to the improvement in the credit quality of the loan portfolio and reflected net recoveries. Nonperforming assets of $645 million decreased by 46% since the end of 2004. Noninterest expense increased 12% to $9.7 billion, largely reflecting higher performance-based incentive compensation related to growth in revenue. Noncompensation expense was up 4% from the prior year primarily due to the impact of the Cazenove business partnership, while the overhead ratio declined to 67% for 2005, from 69% in 2004. 2004 compared with 2003 In 2004, Operating earnings of $2.9 billion were up 5% from the prior year. Increases in Investment banking fees, the improvement in the Provision for credit losses and the impact of the Merger were partially offset by decreases in trading revenues and net interest income. Return on equity was 17% for 2004. Total net revenue of $12.6 billion was relatively flat from the prior year, primarily due to lower Fixed income markets revenues and Credit portfolio revenues, offset by increases in Investment banking fees and the impact of the Merger. The decline in revenue from Fixed income markets was driven by weaker portfolio management trading results, mainly in the interest rate markets busi- ness. Credit portfolio revenues were down due to lower net interest income, Investment Bank JPMorgan Chase is one of the world’s leading investment banks, as evidenced by the breadth of its client relationships and product capabilities. The Investment Bank has extensive relationships with corporations, financial institutions, governments and institutional investors worldwide. The Firm provides a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital raising in equity and debt markets, sophisticated risk management, and market-making in cash securities and derivative instruments. The Investment Bank also commits the Firm’s own capital to proprietary investing and trading activities. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue Investment banking fees: Advisory $ 1,263 $ 938 $ 640 Equity underwriting 864 781 699 Debt underwriting 1,969 1,853 1,532 Total investment banking fees 4,096 3,572 2,871 Trading-related revenue: Fixed income and other 5,673 5,008 6,016 Equities 350 427 556 Credit portfolio 116 6 (186) Total trading-related revenue (b) 6,139 5,441 6,386 Lending & deposit related fees 594 539 440 Asset management, administration and commissions 1,724 1,400 1,217 Other income 615 328 103 Noninterest revenue 13,168 11,280 11,017 Net interest income (b) 1,410 1,325 1,667 Total net revenue (c) 14,578 12,605 12,684 Provision for credit losses (838) (640) (181) Credit reimbursement from (to) TSS (d) 154 90 (36) Noninterest expense Compensation expense 5,785 4,893 4,462 Noncompensation expense 3,954 3,803 3,840 Total noninterest expense 9,739 8,696 8,302 Operating earnings before income tax expense 5,831 4,639 4,527 Income tax expense 2,173 1,691 1,722 Operating earnings $ 3,658 $ 2,948 $ 2,805 Financial ratios ROE 18% 17% 15% ROA 0.61 0.62 0.64 Overhead ratio 67 69 65 Compensation expense as % of total net revenue 40 39 35 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Trading revenue, on a reported basis, excludes the impact of Net interest income related to IB’s trading activities; this income is recorded in Net interest income. However, in this presentation, to assess the profitability of IB’s trading business, the Firm combines these revenues for segment reporting purposes. The amount reclassified from Net interest income to Trading revenue was $0.2 billion, $1.9 billion and $2.1 billion for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The decline from prior years is due to tightening spreads as short-term funding rates have risen sharply and also, to a lesser extent, increased funding costs from growth in noninterest-bearing trading assets. (c) Total net revenue includes tax-equivalent adjustments, primarily due to tax-exempt income from municipal bond investments and income tax credits related to affordable housing invest- ments, of $752 million, $274 million and $117 million for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (d) TSS is charged a credit reimbursement related to certain exposures managed within the IB credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. For a further discussion, see Credit reimbursement on page 35 of this Annual Report. The following table provides the IB’s total net revenue by business segment: Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue by business Investment banking fees $ 4,096 $ 3,572 $ 2,871 Fixed income markets 7,242 6,314 6,987 Equities markets 1,799 1,491 1,406 Credit portfolio 1,441 1,228 1,420 Total net revenue $ 14,578 $ 12,605 $ 12,684 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Loans retained include Credit Portfolio, Conduit loans, leverage leases, bridge loans for underwriting and other accrual loans. (c) Loans held-for-sale, which include warehouse loans held as part of the IB’s mortgage- backed, asset-backed and other securitization businesses, are excluded from Total loans for the allowance coverage ratio and net charge-off rate. (d) Adjusted assets, a non-GAAP financial measure, equals total average assets minus (1) securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed less securities sold, not yet purchased; (2) assets of variable interest entities (VIEs) consolidated under FIN 46R; (3) cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory and other purposes; and (4) goodwill and intangibles. The amount of adjusted assets is presented to assist the read- er in comparing the IB’s asset and capital levels to other investment banks in the securities industry. Asset-to-equity leverage ratios are commonly used as one measure to assess a company’s capital adequacy. The IB believes an adjusted asset amount, which excludes certain assets considered to have a low risk profile, provides a more meaningful measure of balance sheet leverage in the securities industry. (e) Equity includes $15.0 billion, $15.0 billion and $14.6 billion of economic risk capital assigned to the IB for the years ended 2005, 2004 and 2003 respectively. (f) Nonperforming loans include loans held-for-sale of $109 million, $2 million and $30 million as of December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These amounts are not included in the allowance coverage ratios. (g) Includes all fixed income mark-to-market trading activities, plus available-for-sale securities held for proprietary purposes. (h) Includes VAR on derivative credit valuation adjustments, credit valuation adjustment hedges and mark-to-market hedges of the accrual loan portfolio, which are all reported in Trading revenue. This VAR does not include the accrual loan portfolio, which is not marked to market. (i) Average VARs are less than the sum of the VARs of its market risk components, due to risk offsets resulting from portfolio diversification. The diversification effect reflects the fact that the risks are not perfectly correlated. The risk of a portfolio of positions is therefore usually less than the sum of the risks of the positions themselves. According to Thomson Financial, in 2005, the Firm improved its ranking in U.S. Debt, Equity and Equity-related from #5 in 2004 to #4 and in U.S. Equity and Equity-related from #6 in 2004 to #5. The Firm maintained its #3 position in Global Announced M&A with 24% market share and its #1 position in Global Syndicated Loans. The Firm maintained its #2 ranking in U.S. Long-Term Debt, but dropped from #2 to #4 in Global Long-Term Debt. According to Dealogic, the Firm was ranked #2 in Investment Banking fees generated during 2005. Market shares and rankings(a) 2005 2004 2003 Market Market Market December 31, Share Rankings Share Rankings Share Rankings Global debt, equity and equity-related 6% #4 7% # 3 8% # 3 Global syndicated loans 16 #1 19 # 1 20 # 1 Global long-term debt 6# 4 7 # 2 8 # 2 Global equity and equity-related 7# 6 6 # 6 8 # 4 Global announced M&A 24 #3 24 # 3 16 # 4 U.S. debt, equity and equity-related 8# 4 8 # 5 9 # 3 U.S. syndicated loans 28 #1 32 # 1 34 # 1 U.S. long-term debt 11 #2 12 # 2 12 # 2 U.S. equity and equity-related 9# 5 8# 6 1 1 # 4 U.S. announced M&A 24 #3 31 # 2 14 # 7 (a) Source: Thomson Financial Securities data. Global announced M&A is based on rank value; all other rankings are based upon proceeds, with full credit to each book manager/equal if joint. Because of joint assignments, market share of all participants will add up to more than 100%. The market share and rankings for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 are presented on a combined basis, as if the merger of JPMorgan Chase and Bank One had been in effect during the periods. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 37 primarily driven by lower loan balances; these factors were partially offset by higher trading revenue due to more severe credit spread tightening in 2003 relative to 2004. Investment banking fees increased by 24% over the prior year, driven by significant gains in advisory and debt underwriting. The advisory gains were a result of increased global market volumes and market share, while the higher underwriting fees were due to stronger client activity. The Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $640 million, compared with a benefit of $181 million in 2003. The improvement in the provision was the result of a $633 million decline in net charge-offs, partially offset by lower reductions in the allowance for credit losses in 2004 relative to 2003. For the year ended December 31, 2004, Noninterest expense was up 5% from the prior year. The increase from 2003 was driven by higher Compensation expense, resulting from strategic investments and the impact of the Merger. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ratio data)2005 2004 2003 Revenue by region Americas $ 8,223 $ 6,870 $ 7,250 Europe/Middle East/Africa 4,627 4,082 4,331 Asia/Pacific 1,728 1,653 1,103 Total net revenue $ 14,578 $ 12,605 $ 12,684 Selected average balances Total assets $ 598,118 $473,121 $ 436,488 Trading assets–debt and equity instruments 231,303 173,086 156,408 Trading assets–derivatives receivables 55,239 58,735 83,361 Loans: Loans retained (b) 42,918 36,494 40,240 Loans held-for-sale (c) 12,014 6,124 4,797 Total loans 54,932 42,618 45,037 Adjusted assets (d) 455,277 393,646 370,776 Equity (e) 20,000 17,290 18,350 Headcount 19,769 17,478 14,691 Credit data and quality statistics Net charge-offs (recoveries) $ (126) $ 47 $ 680 Nonperforming assets: Nonperforming loans (f) 594 954 1,708 Other nonperforming assets 51 242 370 Allowance for loan losses 907 1,547 1,055 Allowance for lending related commitments 226 305 242 Net charge-off (recovery) rate (c) (0.29)% 0.13% 1.69% Allowance for loan losses to average loans(c) 2.11 4.24 2.56 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans (f) 187 163 63 Nonperforming loans to average loans 1.08 2.24 3.79 Market risk–average trading and credit portfolio VAR (g)(h)(i) Trading activities: Fixed income (g) $6 7 $7 4 $ 6 1 Foreign exchange 23 17 17 Equities 34 28 18 Commodities and other 21 98 Diversification (i) (59) (43) (39) Total trading VAR 86 85 65 Credit portfolio VAR (h) 14 14 18 Diversification (i) (12) (9) (14) Total trading and credit portfolio VAR $ 88 $9 0 $ 6 9 Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 38 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Composition of revenue Asset Year ended Trading- Lending & management, December 31, (a) Investment related deposit administration Other Net interest Total net (in millions) banking fees revenue related fees and commissions income income revenue 2005 Investment banking fees $ 4,096 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 4,096 Fixed income markets — 5,673 251 219 365 734 7,242 Equities markets — 350 — 1,462 (88) 75 1,799 Credit portfolio — 116 343 43 338 601 1,441 Total $ 4,096 $ 6,139 $ 594 $ 1,724 $ 615 $ 1,410 $ 14,578 2004 Investment banking fees $ 3,572 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 3,572 Fixed income markets — 5,008 191 287 304 524 6,314 Equities markets — 427 — 1,076 (95) 83 1,491 Credit portfolio — 6 348 37 119 718 1,228 Total $ 3,572 $ 5,441 $ 539 $ 1,400 $ 328 $ 1,325 $ 12,605 2003 Investment banking fees $ 2,871 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 2,871 Fixed income markets — 6,016 107 331 84 449 6,987 Equities markets — 556 — 851 (85) 84 1,406 Credit portfolio — (186) 333 35 104 1,134 1,420 Total $ 2,871 $ 6,386 $ 440 $ 1,217 $ 103 $ 1,667 $ 12,684 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. IB revenues comprise the following: Investment banking fees includes advisory, equity underwriting, bond underwriting and loan syndication fees. Fixed income markets includes client and portfolio management revenue related to both market-making and proprietary risk-taking across global fixed income markets, including government and corporate debt, foreign exchange, interest rate and commodities markets. Equities markets includes client and portfolio management revenue related to market-making and proprietary risk-taking across global equity prod ucts, including cash instruments, derivatives and convertibles. Credit portfolio revenue includes Net interest income, fees and loan sale activity, as well as gains or losses on securities received as part of a loan restructuring, for IB’s credit portfolio. Credit portfolio revenue also includes the results of risk management related to the Firm’s lending a nd derivative activities, and changes in the credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”), which is the component of the fair value of a derivative that reflects the credit qu ality of the counterparty. See pages 69–70 of the Credit risk management section of this Annual Report for a further discussion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 39 Retail Financial Services RFS includes Home Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking, Auto & Education Finance and Insurance. Through this group of businesses, the Firm provides consumers and small businesses with a broad range of financial products and services including deposits, investments, loans and insurance. Home Finance is a leading provider of consumer real estate loan products and is one of the largest originators and servicers of home mortgages. Consumer & Small Business Banking offers one of the largest branch networks in the United States, covering 17 states with 2,641 branches and 7,312 automated teller machines (“ATMs”). Auto & Education Finance is the largest noncaptive originator of automobile loans as well as a top provider of loans for college students. Through its Insurance operations, the Firm sells and underwrites an extensive range of financial protection products and investment alternatives, including life insurance, annuities and debt protection products. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue Lending & deposit related fees $ 1,452 $ 1,013 $ 486 Asset management, administration and commissions 1,498 1,020 459 Securities / private equity gains (losses) 9 (83) 381 Mortgage fees and related income 1,104 866 803 Credit card income 426 230 107 Other income 136 31 (28) Noninterest revenue 4,625 3,077 2,208 Net interest income 10,205 7,714 5,220 Total net revenue 14,830 10,791 7,428 Provision for credit losses (b) 724 449 521 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 3,337 2,621 1,695 Noncompensation expense 4,748 3,937 2,773 Amortization of intangibles 500 267 3 Total noninterest expense 8,585 6,825 4,471 Operating earnings before income tax expense 5,521 3,517 2,436 Income tax expense 2,094 1,318 889 Operating earnings $ 3,427 $ 2,199 $ 1,547 Financial ratios ROE 26% 24% 37% ROA 1.51 1.18 1.05 Overhead ratio 58 63 60 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) 2005 includes a $250 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina allocated as follows: $140 million in Consumer Real Estate Lending, $90 million in Consumer & Small Business Banking and $20 million in Auto & Education Finance. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings were $3.4 billion, up $1.2 billion from the prior year. The increase was due largely to the Merger but also reflected increased deposit balances and wider spreads, higher home equity and subprime mortgage balances, and expense savings in all businesses. These benefits were partially offset by narrower spreads on retained loan portfolios, the special provision for Hurricane Katrina and net losses associated with portfolio loan sales in the Home Finance and Auto businesses. Net revenue increased to $14.8 billion, up $4.0 billion, or 37%, due primarily to the Merger. Net interest income of $10.2 billion increased by $2.5 billion as a result of the Merger, increased deposit balances and wider spreads, and growth in retained consumer real estate loans. These benefits were offset partially by narrower spreads on loan balances and the absence of loan port- folios sold in late 2004 and early 2005. Noninterest revenue of $4.6 billion increased by $1.5 billion due to the Merger, improved MSR risk management results, higher automobile operating lease income and increased banking fees. These benefits were offset in part by losses on portfolio loan sales in the Home Finance and Auto businesses. The Provision for credit losses totaled $724 million, up $275 million, or 61%, from 2004. Results included a special provision in 2005 for Hurricane Katrina of $250 million and a release in 2004 of $87 million in the Allowance for loan losses related to the sale of the manufactured home loan portfolio. Excluding these items, the Provision for credit losses would have been down $62 million, or 12%. The decline reflected reductions in the Allowance for loan losses due to improved credit trends in most consumer lending portfolios and the benefit of certain portfolios in run-off. These reductions were partially offset by the Merger and higher provision expense related to the decision to retain subprime mortgage loans. Noninterest expense rose to $8.6 billion, an increase of $1.8 billion from the prior year, due primarily to the Merger. The increase also reflected continued investment in retail banking distribution and sales, increased depreciation expense on owned automobiles subject to operating leases and a $40 million charge related to the dissolution of a student loan joint venture. Expense savings across all businesses provided a favorable offset. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $2.2 billion, up from $1.5 billion a year ago. The increase was due largely to the Merger. Excluding the benefit of the Merger, earnings declined as lower MSR risk management results and reduced prime mortgage production revenue offset the benefits of growth in loan balances, wider spreads on deposit products and improvement in credit costs. Total net revenue increased to $10.8 billion, up 45% from the prior year. Net interest income increased by 48% to $7.7 billion, primarily due to the Merger, growth in retained loan balances and wider spreads on deposit products. Noninterest revenue increased to $3.1 billion, up 39%, due to the Merger and higher mortgage servicing income. Both components of total revenue included declines associated with risk managing the MSR asset and lower prime mortgage originations. The Provision for credit losses was down 14% to $449 million despite the impact of the Merger. The effect of the Merger was offset by a reduction in the Allowance for loan losses resulting from the sale of the manufactured home loan portfolio, and continued positive credit quality trends in the consumer lending businesses. Noninterest expense totaled $6.8 billion, up 53% from the prior year, primarily due to the Merger and continued investment to expand the branch network. Partially offsetting the increase were merger-related expense savings in all businesses. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 40 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Selected income statement data by business Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Prime production and servicing Production $6 9 2 $ 728 $ 1,339 Servicing: Mortgage servicing revenue, net of amortization 635 651 453 MSR risk management results (b) 283 113 784 Total net revenue 1,610 1,492 2,576 Noninterest expense 943 1,115 1,124 Operating earnings 422 240 918 Consumer real estate lending Total net revenue 2,704 2,376 1,473 Provision for credit losses 298 74 240 Noninterest expense 940 922 606 Operating earnings 935 881 414 Total Home Finance Total net revenue 4,314 3,868 4,049 Provision for credit losses 298 74 240 Noninterest expense 1,883 2,037 1,730 Operating earnings 1,357 1,121 1,332 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) For additional information, see page 42 of this Annual Report. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings were $1.4 billion, up $236 million from the prior year, primarily due to the Merger, higher loan balances, reduced expenses and improved MSR risk management results. Operating earnings for the Prime Production & Servicing segment totaled $422 million, up $182 million from the prior year. Net revenue of $1.6 billion increased by $118 million, reflecting improved MSR risk management results. The increase in MSR risk management results was due in part to the absence of prior-year securities losses on repositioning of the risk management asset. Decreased mortgage production revenue attributable to lower volume partially offset this benefit. Noninterest expense of $943 million decreased by $172 million, reflecting lower production volume and operating efficiencies. Operating earnings for the Consumer Real Estate Lending segment increased by $54 million to $935 million. The current year included a loss of $120 million associated with the transfer of $3.3 billion of mortgage loans to held-for-sale, and a $140 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. Prior-year results included a $95 million net benefit associated with the sale of a $4.0 billion manufactured home loan portfolio and a $52 million charge related to a transfer of adjustable rate mortgage loans to held-for-sale. Excluding the after-tax impact of these items, earnings would have been up $242 million, reflecting the Merger, higher loan balances and lower expenses, partially offset by loan spread compression due to rising short-term interest rates and a flat yield curve, which contributed to accelerated home equity loan payoffs. Home Finance uses a combination of derivatives, AFS securities and trading securities to manage changes in the fair value of the MSR asset. These risk management activities are intended to protect the economic value of the MSR asset by providing offsetting changes in the fair value of the related risk management instruments. The type and amount of instruments used in this risk management activity change over time as market conditions and approach dictate. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Selected ending balances Total assets $ 224,801 $ 226,560 $139,316 Loans(b) 197,299 202,473 121,921 Core deposits (c) 161,666 156,885 75,850 Total deposits 191,415 182,372 86,162 Selected average balances Total assets $ 226,368 $ 185,928 $147,435 Loans(d) 198,153 162,768 120,750 Core deposits (c) 160,641 120,758 80,116 Total deposits 186,811 137,404 89,793 Equity 13,383 9,092 4,220 Headcount 60,998 59,632 32,278 Credit data and quality statistics Net charge-offs (e) $ 572 $ 990 $ 381 Nonperforming loans (f) 1,338 1,161 569 Nonperforming assets 1,518 1,385 775 Allowance for loan losses 1,363 1,228 1,094 Net charge-off rate (d) 0.31% 0.67% 0.40% Allowance for loan losses to ending loans (b) 0.75 0.67 1.04 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans (f) 104 107 209 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.68 0.57 0.47 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes loans held for sale of $16,598 million, $18,022 million and $17,105 million at December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These amounts are not included in the allowance coverage ratios. (c) Includes demand and savings deposits. (d) Average loans include loans held for sale of $15,675 million, $14,736 million and $25,293 million for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These amounts are not included in the net charge-off rate. (e) Includes $406 million of charge-offs related to the manufactured home loan portfolio in 2004. (f) Nonperforming loans include loans held for sale of $27 million, $13 million and $45 million at December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These amounts are not included in the allowance coverage ratios. Home Finance Home Finance is comprised of two key business segments: Prime Production & Servicing and Consumer Real Estate Lending. The Prime Production & Servicing segment includes the operating results associated with the origination, sale and servicing of prime mortgages. Consumer Real Estate Lending reflects the operating results of consumer loans that are secured by real estate, retained by the Firm and held in the portfolio. This portfolio includes prime and subprime first mortgages, home equity lines and loans, and manufactured home loans. The Firm stopped originating manufactured home loans early in 2004 and sold substantially all of its remaining portfolio in 2004. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 41 During 2005, positive MSR valuation adjustments of $777 million were partially offset by losses of $494 million on risk management instruments, including net interest earned on AFS securities. In 2004, negative MSR valuation adjustments of $248 million were more than offset by $361 million of aggregate risk management gains, including net interest earned on AFS securities. Unrealized losses on AFS securities were $174 million, $3 million and $144 million at December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. For a further discussion of MSRs, see Critical accounting estimates on page 83 and Note 15 on pages 114–116 of this Annual Report. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings in the Prime Production & Servicing segment dropped to $240 million from $918 million in the prior year. Results reflected a decrease in prime mortgage production revenue, to $728 million from $1.3 billion, due to a decline in mortgage originations. Operating earnings were also adversely affected by a drop in MSR risk management revenue, to $113 million from $784 million in the prior year. Results in 2004 included realized losses of $89 million on the sale of AFS securities associated with the risk management of the MSR asset, compared with securities gains of $359 million in the prior year. Noninterest expense was relatively flat at $1.1 billion. Operating earnings for the Consumer Real Estate Lending segment more than doubled to $881 million from $414 million in the prior year. The increase was largely due to the addition of the Bank One home equity lending business but also reflected growth in retained loan balances and a $95 million net benefit associated with the sale of the $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio; partially offsetting these increases were lower subprime mortgage securitization gains as a result of management’s decision in 2004 to retain these loans. These factors contributed to total net revenue rising 61% to $2.4 billion. The provision for credit losses, at $74 million, decreased by 69% from a year ago. This improvement was the result of an $87 million reduction in the allowance for loan losses associated with the manufactured home loan portfolio sale, improved credit quality and lower delinquencies, partially offset by the Merger. Noninterest expense totaled $922 million, up 52% from the year-ago period, largely due to the Merger. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2005 2004 2003 Origination volume by channel (in billions) Retail $ 83.9 $ 74.2 $ 90.8 Wholesale 50.4 48.5 65.6 Correspondent 14.0 22.8 44.5 Correspondent negotiated transactions 34.5 41.5 83.3 Total 182.8 187.0 284.2 Origination volume by business (in billions) Mortgage $ 128.7 $ 144.6 $ 259.5 Home equity 54.1 42.4 24.7 Total 182.8 187.0 284.2 Business metrics (in billions) Third-party mortgage loans serviced (ending) (b) $ 467.5 $ 430.9 $ 393.7 MSR net carrying value (ending) 6.5 5.1 4.8 End-of-period loans owned Mortgage loans held-for-sale 13.7 14.2 15.9 Mortgage loans retained 43.0 42.6 34.5 Home equity and other loans 76.8 67.9 24.1 Total end of period loans owned 133.5 124.7 74.5 Average loans owned Mortgage loans held-for-sale 12.1 12.1 23.5 Mortgage loans retained 46.4 40.7 32.0 Home equity and other loans 70.2 47.0 19.4 Total average loans owned 128.7 99.8 74.9 Overhead ratio 44% 53% 43% Credit data and quality statistics 30+ day delinquency rate (c) 1.61% 1.27% 1.81% Net charge-offs Mortgage $2 5 $1 9 $2 6 Home equity and other loans (d) 129 554 109 Total net charge-offs 154 573 135 Net charge-off rate Mortgage 0.05% 0.05% 0.08% Home equity and other loans 0.18 1.18 0.56 Total net charge-off rate (e) 0.13 0.65 0.26 Nonperforming assets (f) $ 998 $ 844 $ 546 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes prime first mortgage loans and subprime loans. (c) Excludes delinquencies related to loans eligible for repurchase as well as loans repurchased from GNMA pools that are insured by government agencies of $0.9 billion, $0.9 billion and $0.1 billion, for December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These amounts are excluded as reimbursement is proceeding normally. (d) Includes $406 million of charge-offs related to the manufactured home loan portfolio in 2004. (e) Excludes mortgage loans held for sale. (f) Excludes nonperforming assets related to loans eligible for repurchase as well as loans repurchased from GNMA pools that are insured by government agencies of $1.1 billion, $1.5 billion and $2.3 billion for December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These amounts are excluded as reimbursement is proceeding normally. Home Finance’s origination channels are comprised of the following: Retail – Borrowers who are buying or refinancing a home are directly contacted by a mortgage banker employed by the Firm using a branch office, the Internet or by phone. Borrowers are frequently referred to a mortgage banker by real estate brokers, home builders or other third parties. Wholesale – A third-party mortgage broker refers loan applications to a mortgage banker at the Firm. Brokers are independent loan originators that specialize in finding and counseling borrowers but do not provide funding for loans. Correspondent – Banks, thrifts, other mortgage banks and other financial institutions sell closed loans to the Firm. Correspondent negotiated transactions (“CNT”) – Mid- to large- sized mortgage lenders, banks and bank-owned mortgage companies sell servicing to the Firm on an as-originated basis. These transactions supplement traditional production channels and provide growth opportu- nities in the servicing portfolio in stable and rising-rate periods. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 42 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The following table details the MSR risk management results in the Home Finance business: MSR risk management results Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Reported amounts: MSR valuation adjustments (b) $ 777 $ (248) $ (253) Derivative valuation adjustments and other risk management gains (losses) (c) (494) 361 1,037 MSR risk management results $ 283 $ 113 $ 784 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Excludes subprime loan MSR activity of $(7) million and $(2) million in 2005 and 2004, respectively. There was no subprime loan MSR activity in 2003. (c) Includes gains, losses and interest income associated with derivatives, both designated and not designated, as a SFAS 133 hedge, and securities classified as both trading and available-for-sale. Consumer & Small Business Banking Consumer & Small Business Banking offers a full array of financial services through a branch network spanning 17 states as well as through the Internet. Product offerings include checking and savings accounts, mutual funds and annuities, credit cards, mortgages and home equity loans, and loans for small business customers (customers with annual sales generally less than $10 million). Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Noninterest revenue $ 2,929 $1,864 $ 828 Net interest income 5,476 3,521 1,594 Total net revenue 8,405 5,385 2,422 Provision for credit losses 214 165 76 Noninterest expense 5,431 3,981 2,358 Operating earnings (loss) 1,684 760 (4) (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings totaled $1.7 billion, up $924 million from the prior year. While growth largely reflected the Merger, results also included increased deposit balances and wider spreads, as well as higher debit card and other banking fees. These factors contributed to net revenue increasing to $8.4 billion from $5.4 billion in the prior year. The Provision for credit losses of $214 million increased by $49 million; excluding the special provision of $90 million related to Hurricane Katrina, the Provision would have decreased by $41 million from the prior year, reflecting lower net charge-offs and improved credit quality trends. Noninterest expense increased by $1.5 billion to $5.4 billion, as a result of the Merger and continued investment in branch distribution and sales, partially offset by merger efficiencies. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings totaled $760 million, up from a loss of $4 million in the prior-year period. The increase was largely due to the Merger but also reflected wider spreads on deposits and lower expenses. These benefits were partially offset by a higher Provision for credit losses. Total net revenue was $5.4 billion, compared with $2.4 billion in the prior year. While the increase was primarily attributable to the Merger, total net revenue also benefited from wider spreads on deposits. The Provision for credit losses increased to $165 million from $76 million in the prior year. The increase was in part due to the Merger but also reflected an increase in the allowance for credit losses to cover high-risk portfolio segments. The increase in Noninterest expense to $4.0 billion was largely attributable to the Merger. Incremental expense from investment in the branch distribution network was also a contributing factor. The table below reconciles management’s disclosure of Home Finance’s revenue into the reported U.S. GAAP line items shown on the Consolidated statements of income and in the related Notes to Consolidated financial statements: Year ended December 31, (a) Prime production and servicing Consumer real estate lending Total revenue (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 Net interest income $ 426 $ 700 $ 1,556 $ 2,672 $ 2,245 $1,226 $ 3,098 $ 2,945 $ 2,782 Securities / private equity gains (losses) 3 (89) 359 — —— 3 (89) 359 Mortgage fees and related income (b) 1,181 881 661 32 131 247 1,213 1,012 908 Total $ 1,610 $ 1,492 $ 2,576 $ 2,704 $ 2,376 $1,473 $ 4,314 $ 3,868 $ 4,049 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes activity reported elsewhere as Other income. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 43 Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2005 2004 2003 Business metrics (in billions) Selected ending balances Small business loans $ 12.7 $ 12.5 $ 2.2 Consumer and other loans (b) 1.7 2.2 2.0 Total loans 14.4 14.7 4.2 Core deposits (c) 152.3 146.3 66.4 Total deposits 181.9 171.8 76.7 Selected average balances Small business loans $ 12.4 $ 7.3 $ 2.1 Consumer and other loans (b) 2.0 2.1 2.0 Total loans 14.4 9.4 4.1 Core deposits (c) 149.0 109.6 64.8 Total deposits 175.1 126.2 74.4 Number of: Branches 2,641 2,508 561 ATMs 7,312 6,650 1,931 Personal bankers 7,067 5,750 1,820 Personal checking accounts (in thousands) (d) 7,869 7,235 1,984 Business checking accounts (in thousands) (d) 924 889 347 Active online customers (in thousands) 4,231 3,359 NA Debit cards issued (in thousands) 9,266 8,392 2,380 Overhead ratio 65% 74% 97% Retail brokerage business metrics Investment sales volume $ 11,144 $ 7,324 $ 3,579 Number of dedicated investment sales representatives 1,449 1,364 349 Credit data and quality statistics Net charge-offs Small business $ 101 $7 7 $ 3 5 Consumer and other loans 40 77 40 Total net charge-offs 141 154 75 Net charge-off rate Small business 0.81% 1.05% 1.67% Consumer and other loans 2.00 3.67 2.00 Total net charge-off rate 0.98 1.64 1.83 Nonperforming assets $ 283 $ 299 $ 72 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Primarily community development loans. (c) Includes demand and savings deposits. (d) Prior periods amounts have been restated to reflect inactive accounts that should have been closed during those periods. Auto & Education Finance Auto & Education Finance provides automobile loans and leases to consumers and loans to commercial clients, primarily through a national network of automotive dealers. The segment is also a top provider of loans to students at colleges and universities across the United States. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Total net revenue $ 1,467 $ 1,145 $ 842 Provision for credit losses 212 210 205 Noninterest expense 751 490 291 Operating earnings 307 270 206 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings were $307 million, up $37 million from the prior year. The current year included a net loss of $83 million associated with a $2.3 billion auto loan securitization; a net loss of $42 million associated with a $1.5 billion auto loan securitization; a $40 million charge related to the dissolution of a student loan joint venture; a benefit of $34 million from the sale of a $2 billion recreational vehicle loan portfolio; and the $20 million special provision for credit losses related to Hurricane Katrina. The prior-year results included charges of $65 million related to auto lease residuals. Excluding the after-tax impact of these items, operating earnings would have increased by $90 million over the prior year, primarily due to the Merger and improved credit quality. Results continued to reflect lower production volumes and narrower spreads. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings totaled $270 million, up 31% from the prior year. The increase was due to the Merger, offset by narrower spreads and reduced origination volumes reflecting a competitive operating environment. Total net revenue increased by 36% to $1.1 billion from the prior year. This increase was due to the Merger, which more than offset a decline in net interest income, reflecting the competitive operating environment in 2004, and incremental charges associated with the Firm’s auto lease residual exposure. The following is a brief description of selected terms used by Consumer & Small Business Banking. • Personal bankers – Retail branch office personnel who acquire, retain and expand new and existing customer relationships by assessing customer need s and recommending and selling appropriate banking products and services. • Investment sales representatives – Licensed retail branch sales personnel, assigned to support several branches, who assist with the sale of investment products including college planning accounts, mutual funds, annuities and retirement accounts. The Provision for credit losses totaled $210 million, up 2% from the prior year. The increase was due to the Merger but was largely offset by a lower Provision for credit losses, reflecting favorable credit trends. Noninterest expense increased by 68% to $490 million, largely due to the Merger. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2005 2004 2003 Business metrics (in billions) End-of-period loans and lease related assets Loans outstanding $ 44.7 $ 54.6 $ 33.7 Lease related assets (b) 5.2 8.0 9.5 Total end-of-period loans and lease related assets 49.9 62.6 43.2 Average loans and lease related assets Loans outstanding (c) $ 48.5 $ 44.3 $ 32.0 Lease related assets (d) 6.6 9.0 9.7 Total average loans and lease related assets (c)(d) 55.1 53.3 41.7 Overhead ratio 51% 43% 35% Credit quality statistics 30+ day delinquency rate 1.65% 1.55% 1.42% Net charge-offs Loans $ 257 $ 219 $ 130 Lease receivables (d) 20 44 41 Total net charge-offs 277 263 171 Net charge-off rate Loans(c) 0.57% 0.52% 0.43% Lease receivables 0.32 0.49 0.42 Total net charge-off rate (c) 0.54 0.52 0.43 Nonperforming assets $ 237 $ 242 $ 157 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes operating lease-related assets of $0.9 billion for 2005. Balances prior to January 1, 2005, were insignificant. (c) Average loans include loans held for sale of $3.5 billion, $2.3 billion and $1.8 billion for, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These are not included in the net charge-off rate. (d) Includes operating lease-related assets of $0.4 billion for 2005. Balances prior to January 1, 2005, were insignificant. These are not included in the net charge-off rate. Insurance Insurance is a provider of financial protection products and services, including life insurance, annuities and debt protection. Products and services are distributed through both internal lines of business and external markets. On February 7, 2006, the Firm signed a definitive agreement to sell its life insurance and annuity underwriting business. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Total net revenue $6 4 4 $ 393 $ 115 Noninterest expense 520 317 92 Operating earnings 79 48 13 Memo: Consolidated gross insurance-related revenue (b) 1,642 1,191 611 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes revenue reported in the results of other businesses. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings totaled $79 million, an increase of $31 million from the prior year, on net revenues of $644 million. The increase was due primarily to the Merger. Results also reflected an increase in proprietary annuity sales commis- sions paid and lower expenses from merger savings and other efficiencies. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings totaled $48 million on Total net revenue of $393 million in 2004. The increases in Total net revenue and Noninterest expense over the prior year were due almost entirely to the Merger. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2005 2004 2003 Business metrics – ending balances Invested assets $ 7,767 $ 7,368 $ 1,559 Policy loans 388 397 — Insurance policy and claims reserves 7,774 7,279 1,096 Term life sales – first year annualized premiums 60 28 — Term life premium revenues 477 234 — Proprietary annuity sales 706 208 548 Number of policies in force – direct/assumed (in thousands) 2,441 2,611 631 Insurance in force – direct/assumed $ 282,903 $ 277,827 $ 31,992 Insurance in force – retained 87,753 80,691 31,992 A.M. Best rating A AA (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The following is a brief description of selected business metrics within Insurance. • Proprietary annuity sales represent annuity contracts marketed through and issued by subsidiaries of the Firm. • Insurance in force – direct/assumed includes the aggregate face amount of insurance policies directly underwritten and assumed through reinsurance. • Insurance in force – retained includes the aggregate face amounts of insurance policies directly underwritten and assumed through reinsurance, after reduction for face amounts ceded to reinsurers. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 44 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 45 Card Services Card Services is one of the largest issuers of credit cards in the United States, with more than 110 million cards in circulation, and is the largest merchant acquirer. CS offers a wide variety of products to satisfy the needs of its cardmembers, including cards issued on behalf of many well-known partners, such as major airlines, hotels, universities, retailers and other financial institutions. JPMorgan Chase uses the concept of “managed receivables” to evaluate the credit performance of the underlying credit card loans, both sold and not sold: as the same borrower is continuing to use the credit card for ongoing charges, a borrower’s credit performance will affect both the receivables sold under SFAS 140 and those not sold. Thus, in its disclosures regarding managed receivables, JPMorgan Chase treats the sold receivables as if they were still on the balance sheet in order to disclose the credit performance (such as net charge-off rates) of the entire managed credit card portfolio. Operating results exclude the impact of credit card securitizations on revenue, the Provision for credit losses, net charge-offs and receivables. Securitization does not change reported Net income versus operating earnings; however, it does affect the classification of items on the Consolidated statements of income. Selected income statement data – managed basis Year ended December 31, (a)(b) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue Asset management, administration and commissions $— $ 75 $ 108 Credit card income 3,351 2,179 930 Other income 212 117 54 Noninterest revenue 3,563 2,371 1,092 Net interest income 11,803 8,374 5,052 Total net revenue 15,366 10,745 6,144 Provision for credit losses (c) 7,346 4,851 2,904 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 1,081 893 582 Noncompensation expense 3,170 2,485 1,336 Amortization of intangibles 748 505 260 Total noninterest expense 4,999 3,883 2,178 Operating earnings before income tax expense 3,021 2,011 1,062 Income tax expense 1,114 737 379 Operating earnings $ 1,907 $ 1,274 $ 683 Memo: Net securitization gains (amortization) $5 6 $ (8) $ 1 Financial metrics ROE 16% 17% 20% Overhead ratio 33 36 35 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) As a result of the integration of Chase Merchant Services and Paymentech merchant processing businesses into a joint venture, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2005, Total net revenue, Noninterest expense and pre-tax earnings have been reduced to reflect the deconsolidation of Paymentech. There is no impact to operating earnings. (c) 2005 includes a $100 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings of $1.9 billion were up $633 million, or 50%, from the prior year due to the Merger. In addition, lower expenses driven by merger savings, stronger underlying credit quality and higher revenue from increased loan balances and charge volume were partially offset by the impact of increased bankruptcies. Net revenue was $15.4 billion, up $4.6 billion, or 43%. Net interest income was $11.8 billion, up $3.4 billion, or 41%, primarily due to the Merger, and the acquisition of a private label portfolio. In addition, higher loan balances were partially offset by narrower loan spreads and the reversal of revenue related to increased bankruptcies. Noninterest revenue of $3.6 billion was up $1.2 billion, or 50%, due to the Merger and higher interchange income from higher charge volume, partially offset by higher volume-driven payments to partners, higher expense related to rewards programs and the impact of the deconsolidation of Paymentech. The Provision for credit losses was $7.3 billion, up $2.5 billion, or 51%, primarily due to the Merger, and included the acquisition of a private label portfolio. The provision also increased due to record bankruptcy-related net charge-offs resulting from the new bankruptcy legislation, which became effective on October 17, 2005. Finally, the Allowance for loan losses was increased in part by the special provision for credit losses related to Hurricane Katrina. These factors were partially offset by lower contractual net charge-offs. Despite a record level of bankruptcy losses, the net charge-off rate improved. The managed net charge-off rate was 5.21%, down from 5.27% in the prior year. The 30-day managed delinquency rate was 2.79%, down from 3.70% in the prior year, driven primarily by accelerated loss recognition of delinquent accounts as a result of the bankruptcy reform legislation and strong underlying credit quality. Noninterest expense of $5.0 billion increased by $1.1 billion, or 29%, primarily due to the Merger, which included the acquisition of a private label portfolio. Merger savings, including lower processing and compensation costs and the impact of the deconsolidation of Paymentech, were partially offset by higher spending on marketing. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings of $1.3 billion increased by $591 million compared with the prior year, primarily due to the Merger. In addition, earnings benefited from higher loan balances and charge volume, partially offset by a higher Provision for credit losses and higher expenses. Total net revenue of $10.7 billion increased by $4.6 billion. Net interest income of $8.4 billion increased by $3.3 billion, primarily due to the Merger and higher loan balances. Noninterest revenue of $2.4 billion increased by $1.3 billion, primarily due to the Merger and increased interchange income resulting from higher charge-off volume. These factors were partially offset by higher volume-driven payments to partners, reflecting the sharing of income and increased rewards expense. The Provision for credit losses of $4.9 billion increased by $1.9 billion, primarily due to the Merger and growth in credit card receivables. Credit ratios remained strong, benefiting from reduced contractual and bankruptcy charge-offs. The net charge-off ratio was 5.27%. The 30-day delinquency ratio was 3.70%. Noninterest expense of $3.9 billion increased by $1.7 billion, primarily related to the Merger. In addition, expenses increased due to higher marketing expenses and volume-based processing expenses, partially offset by lower compensation expenses. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 46 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount, ratios and where otherwise noted) 2005 2004 2003 % of average managed outstandings: Net interest income 8.65% 9.16% 9.95% Provision for credit losses 5.39 5.31 5.72 Noninterest revenue 2.61 2.59 2.15 Risk adjusted margin (b) 5.88 6.45 6.38 Noninterest expense 3.67 4.25 4.29 Pre-tax income (ROO) 2.21 2.20 2.09 Operating earnings 1.40 1.39 1.35 Business metrics Charge volume (in billions) $ 301.9 $ 193.6 $ 88.2 Net accounts opened (in thousands) 21,056 7,523 4,177 Credit cards issued (in thousands) 110,439 94,285 35,103 Number of registered Internet customers (in millions) 14.6 13.6 3.7 Merchant acquiring business (c) Bank card volume (in billions) $ 563.1 $ 396.2 $ 261.2 Total transactions (in millions) (d) 15,499 9,049 4,254 Selected ending balances Loans: Loans on balance sheets $ 71,738 $ 64,575 $ 17,426 Securitized loans 70,527 70,795 34,856 Managed loans $142,265 $ 135,370 $ 52,282 Selected average balances Managed assets $141,933 $ 94,741 $ 51,406 Loans: Loans on balance sheets $ 67,334 $ 38,842 $ 17,604 Securitized loans 69,055 52,590 33,169 Managed loans $136,389 $ 91,432 $ 50,773 Equity 11,800 7,608 3,440 Headcount 18,629 19,598 10,612 Credit quality statistics Net charge-offs $ 7,100 $ 4,821 $ 2,996 Managed net charge-off rate 5.21% 5.27% 5.90% Delinquency ratios 30+ days 2.79% 3.70% 4.68% 90+ days 1.27 1.72 2.19 Allowance for loan losses $ 3,274 $ 2,994 $ 1,225 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans 4.56% 4.64% 7.03% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents Total net revenue less Provision for credit losses. (c) Represents 100% of the merchant acquiring business. (d) Prior periods have been restated to conform methodologies following the integration of Chase Merchant Services and Paymentech merchant processing businesses. The financial information presented below reconciles reported basis and managed basis to disclose the effect of securitizations. Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Income statement data Credit card income Reported data for the period $ 6,069 $ 4,446 $ 2,309 Securitization adjustments (2,718) (2,267) (1,379) Managed credit card income $ 3,351 $ 2,179 $ 930 Other income Reported data for the period $ 212 $ 203 $ 125 Securitization adjustments — (86) (71) Managed other income $ 212 $ 117 $ 54 Net interest income Reported data for the period $ 5,309 $ 3,123 $ 1,732 Securitization adjustments 6,494 5,251 3,320 Managed net interest income $ 11,803 $ 8,374 $ 5,052 Total net revenue (b) Reported data for the period $ 11,590 $ 7,847 $ 4,274 Securitization adjustments 3,776 2,898 1,870 Managed total net revenue $ 15,366 $ 10,745 $ 6,144 Provision for credit losses Reported data for the period (c) $ 3,570 $ 1,953 $ 1,034 Securitization adjustments 3,776 2,898 1,870 Managed provision for credit losses $ 7,346 $ 4,851 $ 2,904 Balance sheet – average balances Total average assets Reported data for the period $ 74,753 $ 43,657 $ 19,041 Securitization adjustments 67,180 51,084 32,365 Managed average assets $141,933 $ 94,741 $ 51,406 Credit quality statistics Net charge-offs Reported net charge-offs data for the period $ 3,324 $ 1,923 $ 1,126 Securitization adjustments 3,776 2,898 1,870 Managed net charge-offs $ 7,100 $ 4,821 $ 2,996 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes noninterest revenue and Net interest income. (c) 2005 includes a $100 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. The following is a brief description of selected business metrics within Card Services. • Charge volume – Represents the dollar amount of cardmember purchases, balance transfers and cash advance activity. • Net accounts opened – Includes originations, portfolio purchases and sales. • Merchant acquiring business – Represents an entity that processes payments for merchants. JPMorgan Chase is a partner in Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC. • Bank card volume – Represents the dollar amount of transactions processed for the merchants. • Total transactions – Represents the number of transactions and authorizations processed for the merchants. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 47 Commercial Banking Commercial Banking serves more than 25,000 clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and not-for- profit entities with annual revenues generally ranging from $10 million to $2 billion. While most Middle Market clients are within the Retail Financial Services footprint, CB also covers larger corporations, as well as local governments and financial institutions on a national basis. CB is a market leader with supe- rior client penetration across the businesses it serves. Local mar- ket presence, coupled with industry expertise and excellent client service and risk management, enable CB to offer superior financial advice. Partnership with other JPMorgan Chase busi- nesses positions CB to deliver broad product capabilities – including lending, treasury services, investment banking, and asset and wealth management – and meet its clients’ financial needs. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue Lending & deposit related fees $ 575 $ 441 $ 301 Asset management, administration and commissions 60 32 19 Other income (b) 351 209 73 Noninterest revenue 986 682 393 Net interest income 2,610 1,692 959 Total net revenue 3,596 2,374 1,352 Provision for credit losses (c) 73 41 6 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 661 465 285 Noncompensation expense 1,146 843 534 Amortization of intangibles 65 35 3 Total noninterest expense 1,872 1,343 822 Operating earnings before income tax expense 1,651 990 524 Income tax expense 644 382 217 Operating earnings $ 1,007 $ 608 $ 307 Financial ratios ROE 30% 29% 29% ROA 1.78 1.67 1.87 Overhead ratio 52 57 61 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) IB-related and commercial card revenues are included in Other income. (c) 2005 includes a $35 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. Commercial Banking operates in 10 of the top 15 major U.S. metropolitan areas and is divided into three customer segments: Middle Market Banking, Mid-Corporate Banking and Real Estate. General coverage for corporate clients is provided by Middle Market Banking, which covers clients with annual revenues generally up to $500 million. Mid-Corporate Banking covers clients with annual revenues generally ranging between $500 million and $2 billion and focuses on clients that have broader investment banking needs. The third segment, Real Estate, serves investors in, and developers of, for-sale housing, multifamily rental, retail, office, and industrial properties. In addition to these three customer segments, Commercial Banking offers several products to the Firm’s entire customer base: Chase Business Credit, the #1 asset-based lender for 2005, provides asset-based financing, syndications, and collateral analysis, and Chase Equipment Leasing offers a variety of equipment finance and leas- ing products, with specialties in aircraft finance, public sector, and information technology. Given this structure, Commercial Banking manages a customer base and loan portfolio that is highly diversified across a broad range of industries and geographic locations. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings of $1.0 billion were up $399 million from the prior year, primarily due to the Merger. Net revenue of $3.6 billion increased by $1.2 billion, or 51%, primarily as a result of the Merger. In addition to the overall increase from the Merger, Net interest income of $2.6 billion was positively affected by wider spreads on higher volume related to liability balances and increased loans, partially offset by narrower loan spreads. Noninterest revenue of $986 million was lower due to a decline in deposit-related fees due to higher interest rates, partially offset by increased investment banking revenue. Each business within Commercial Banking demonstrated revenue growth over the prior year, primarily due to the Merger. Middle Market revenue was $2.4 billion, an increase of $870 million over the prior year; Mid-Corporate Banking revenue was $548 million, an increase of $181 million; and Real Estate revenue was $534 million, up $166 million. In addition to the Merger, revenue was higher for each business due to wider spreads and higher volume related to liability balances and increased investment banking revenue, partially offset by narrower loan spreads. Provision for credit losses of $73 million increased by $32 million, primarily due to a special provision related to Hurricane Katrina, increased loan balances and refinements in the data used to estimate the allowance for credit losses. The credit quality of the portfolio was strong with net charge-offs of $26 million, down $35 million from the prior year, and nonperforming loans of $272 million, down $255 million. Noninterest expense of $1.9 billion increased by $529 million, or 39%, primarily due to the Merger and to an increase in allocated unit costs for Treasury Services products. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $608 million, an increase of 98%, primarily due to the Merger. Total net revenue was $2.4 billion, an increase of 76%, primarily due to the Merger. In addition to the overall increase related to the Merger, Net interest income of $1.7 billion was positively affected by higher liability balances, partially offset by lower lending-related revenue. Noninterest revenue of $682 million was positively affected by higher investment banking fees and higher gains on the sale of loans and securities acquired in satisfaction of debt, partially offset by lower deposit-related fees, which often decline as interest rates rise. The Provision for credit losses was $41 million, an increase of $35 million, primarily due to the Merger. Excluding the impact of the Merger, the provision was higher in 2004. Lower net charge-offs in 2004 were partially offset by smaller reductions in the allowance for credit losses in 2004 relative to 2003. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 48 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Noninterest expense was $1.3 billion, an increase of $521 million, or 63%, primarily related to the Merger. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue by product: Lending $ 1,076 $ 764 $ 396 Treasury services 2,299 1,467 896 Investment banking 213 120 66 Other 8 23 (6) Total Commercial Banking revenue 3,596 2,374 1,352 Revenue by business: Middle Market Banking $ 2,369 $ 1,499 $ 772 Mid-Corporate Banking 548 367 194 Real Estate 534 368 206 Other 145 140 180 Total Commercial Banking revenue 3,596 2,374 1,352 Selected average balances Total assets $ 56,561 $ 36,435 $ 16,460 Loans and leases 51,797 32,417 14,049 Liability balances (b) 73,395 52,824 32,880 Equity 3,400 2,093 1,059 Average loans by business: Middle market $ 31,156 $ 17,471 $ 5,609 Mid-corporate banking 6,375 4,348 2,880 Real estate 10,639 7,586 2,831 Other 3,627 3,012 2,729 Total Commercial Banking loans 51,797 32,417 14,049 Headcount 4,456 4,555 1,730 Credit data and quality statistics: Net charge-offs $2 6 $6 1 $7 6 Nonperforming loans 272 527 123 Allowance for loan losses 1,392 1,322 122 Allowance for lending-related commitments 154 169 26 Net charge-off rate 0.05% 0.19% 0.54% Allowance for loan losses to average loans 2.69 4.08 0.87 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 512 251 99 Nonperforming loans to average loans 0.53 1.63 0.88 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Liability balances include deposits and deposits swept to on-balance sheet liabilities. Commercial Banking revenues are comprised of the following: Lending includes a variety of financing alternatives, which are often provided on a basis secured by receivables, inventory, equipment, real estate or other assets. Products include: • Term loans • Revolving lines of credit • Bridge financing • Asset-based structures • Leases Treasury servicesincludes a broad range of products and services enabling clients to transfer, invest and manage the receipt and disbursement of funds, while providing the related information reporting. These products and services include: • U.S. dollar and multi-currency clearing • ACH • Lockbox • Disbursement and reconciliation services • Check deposits • Other check and currency-related services • Trade finance and logistics solutions • Commercial card • Deposit products, sweeps and money market mutual funds Investment banking products provide clients with sophisticated capital- raising alternatives, as well as balance sheet and risk management tools, through: • Loan syndications • Investment-grade debt • Asset-backed securities • Private placements • High-yield bonds • Equity underwriting • Advisory • Interest rate derivatives • Foreign exchange hedges JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 49 Treasury & Securities Services Treasury & Securities Services is a global leader in providing trans- action, investment and information services to support the needs of corporations, issuers and institutional investors worldwide. TSS is one of the largest cash management providers in the world and a leading global custodian. The TS business provides a variety of cash management products, trade finance and logistics solutions, wholesale card products, and short-term liquidity man- agement tools. The IS business provides custody,fund services, securities lending, and performance measurement and execution products. The ITS business provides trustee, depository and admin- istrative services for debt and equity issuers. TS partners with the Commercial Banking, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Asset & Wealth Management businesses to serve clients firmwide. As a result, certain TS revenues are included in other segments’ results. TSS combined the management of the IS and ITS businesses under the name WSS to create an integrated fran- chise which provides custody and investor services as well as securities clearance and trust services to clients globally. Beginning January 1, 2006, TSS will report results for two divisions: TS and WSS. Selected income statement data Year ending December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue Lending & deposit related fees $ 728 $ 647 $ 470 Asset management, administration and commissions 2,908 2,445 1,903 Other income 543 382 288 Noninterest revenue 4,179 3,474 2,661 Net interest income 2,062 1,383 947 Total net revenue 6,241 4,857 3,608 Provision for credit losses — 71 Credit reimbursement (to) from IB (b) (154) (90) 36 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 2,061 1,629 1,257 Noncompensation expense 2,293 2,391 1,745 Amortization of intangibles 116 93 26 Total noninterest expense 4,470 4,113 3,028 Operating earnings before income tax expense 1,617 647 615 Income tax expense 580 207 193 Operating earnings $ 1,037 $ 440 $ 422 Financial ratios ROE 55% 17% 15% Overhead ratio 72 85 84 Pre-tax margin ratio (c) 26 13 17 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) TSS is charged a credit reimbursement related to certain exposures managed within the IB credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. For a further discussion, see Credit reimbursement on page 35 of this Annual Report. (c) Pre-tax margin represents Operating earnings before income tax expense divided by Total net revenue, which is a comprehensive measure of pre-tax performance and is another basis by which TSS management evaluates its performance and that of its competitors. Pre-tax margin is an effective measure of TSS’ earnings, after all operating costs are taken into consideration. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings were $1.0 billion, an increase of $597 million, or 136%. Primarily driving the improvement in revenue were the Merger, business growth, and widening spreads on and growth in average liability balances.Noninterest expense increased primarily due to the Merger and higher compensation expense.Results for 2005 also included charges of $58 million (after-tax) to terminate a client contract. Results for 2004 also included software- impairment charges of $97 million (after-tax) and a gain of $10 million (after-tax) on the sale of a business. TSS net revenue of $6.2 billion increased $1.4 billion, or 28%. Net interest income grew to $2.1 billion, up $679 million, due to wider spreads on liability balances, a change in the corporate deposit pricing methodology in 2004 and growth in average liability balances. Noninterest revenue of $4.2 billion increased by $705 million, or 20%, due to product growth across TSS, the Merger and the acquisition of Vastera. Leading the product revenue growth was an increase in assets under custody to $11.2 trillion, primarily driven by market value appreciation and new business, along with growth in wholesale card, securities lending, foreign exchange, trust product, trade, clearing and ACH revenues. Partially offsetting this growth in noninterest revenue was a decline in deposit-related fees due to higher interest rates and the absence, in the current period, of a gain on the sale of a business. TS net revenue of $2.6 billion grew by $628 million, Investor Services net revenue of $2.2 billion grew by $446 million, and Institutional Trust Services net revenue of $1.5 billion grew by $310 million. TSS firmwide net revenue, which includes TS net revenue recorded in other lines of business, grew to $8.8 billion, up $2.3 billion, or 35%. Treasury Services firmwide net revenue grew to $5.2 billion, up $1.6 billion, or 43%. Credit reimbursement to the Investment Bank was $154 million, an increase of $64 million, primarily as a result of the Merger. TSS is charged a credit reimbursement related to certain exposures managed within the Investment Bank credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. Noninterest expense of $4.5 billion was up $357 million, or 9%, due to the Merger, increased compensation expense resulting from new business growth and the Vastera acquisition, and charges of $93 million to terminate a client contract. Partially offsetting these increases were higher product unit costs charged to other lines of business, primarily Commercial Banking, lower allocations of Corporate segment expenses, merger savings and business efficiencies. The prior year included software-impairment charges of $155 million. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings for the year were $440 million, an increase of $18 million, or 4%. Results in 2004 include an after-tax gain of $10 million on the sale of an IS business. Prior-year results include an after-tax gain of $22 million on the sale of an ITS business. Excluding these one-time gains, operating earnings would have increased by $30 million, or 8%. Both net revenue and Noninterest expense increased primarily as a result of the Merger, the acquisition of Bank One’s Corporate Trust business in November 2003 and the acquisition of Electronic Financial Services (“EFS”) in January 2004. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 50 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report TSS net revenue improved by 35% to $4.9 billion. This revenue growth reflected the benefit of the Merger, the acquisitions noted above, and improved product revenues across TSS. Net interest income grew to $1.4 billion from $947 million as a result of average liability balance growth of 46%, to $126 billion, a change in the corporate deposit pricing methodology in 2004 and wider deposit spreads. Growth in fees and commissions was driven by a 22% increase in assets under custody to $9.3 trillion as well as new business growth in trade, commercial card, global equity products, securities lending, fund services, clearing and ACH. Partially offsetting these improvements were lower deposit-related fees, which often decline as interest rates rise, and a soft municipal bond market. TS net revenue grew to $2.0 billion, IS to $1.7 billion and ITS to $1.2 billion. TSS firmwide net revenue grew by 41% to $6.5 billion. TSS firmwide net revenues include TS net revenues recorded in other lines of business. Credit reimbursement to the Investment Bank was $90 million, compared with a credit from the Investment Bank of $36 million in the prior year, principally due to the Merger and a change in methodology. TSS is charged a credit reimbursement related to certain exposures managed within the Investment Bank credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. Noninterest expense totaled $4.1 billion, up from $3.0 billion, reflecting the Merger, the acquisitions noted above, $155 million of software impairment charges, upfront transition expenses related to on-boarding new custody and fund accounting clients, and legal and technology-related expenses. Selected metrics Year ending December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and where otherwise noted) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue by business Treasury Services $ 2,622 $ 1,994 $ 1,200 Investor Services 2,155 1,709 1,448 Institutional Trust Services 1,464 1,154 960 Total net revenue $ 6,241 $ 4,857 $ 3,608 Business metrics Assets under custody (in billions) (b) $ 11,249 $ 9,300 $ 7,597 Corporate trust securities under administration (in billions) (c) 6,818 6,676 6,127 Number of: US$ ACH transactions originated (in millions) 2,966 1,994 NA Total US$ clearing volume (in thousands) 95,713 81,162 NA International electronic funds transfer volume (in thousands) (d) 89,537 45,654 NA Wholesale check volume (in millions) 3,856 NA NA Wholesale cards issued (in thousands) (e) 13,206 11,787 NA Selected average balances Total assets $ 26,947 $ 23,430 $ 18,379 Loans 10,430 7,849 6,009 Liability balances (f) 164,305 125,712 85,994 Equity 1,900 2,544 2,738 Headcount 24,484 22,612 15,145 TSS firmwide metrics Treasury Services firmwide revenue (g) $ 5,224 $ 3,665 $ 2,214 Treasury & Securities Services firmwide revenue (g) 8,843 6,528 4,622 Treasury Services firmwide overhead ratio (h) 55% 62% 62% Treasury & Securities Services firmwide overhead ratio (h) 62 74 76 Treasury Services firmwide liability balances(i) $139,579 $102,785 $ 64,819 Treasury & Securities Services firmwide liability balances (i) 237,699 178,536 118,873 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) 2005 assets under custody include approximately $530 billion of ITS assets under custody that have not been included previously. At December 31, 2005, approximately 5% of total assets under custody were trust-related. (c) Corporate trust securities under administration include debt held in trust on behalf of third parties and debt serviced as agent. (d) International electronic funds transfer includes non-US$ ACH and clearing volume. (e) Wholesale cards issued include domestic commercial card, stored value card, prepaid card, and government electronic benefit card products. (f) Liability balances include deposits and deposits swept to on-balance sheet liabilities. (g) Firmwide revenue includes TS revenue recorded in the Commercial Banking, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Asset & Wealth Management businesses (see below) and excludes FX revenues recorded in the IB for TSS-related FX activity. TSS firmwide FX revenue, which includes FX revenue recorded in TSS and FX revenue associated with TSS customers who are FX customers of the IB, was $382 million, $320 million and $256 million for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (h) Overhead ratios have been calculated based on firmwide revenues and TSS and TS expenses, respectively, including those allocated to certain other lines of business. FX revenues and expenses recorded in the IB for TSS-related FX activity are not included in this ratio. (i) Firmwide liability balances include TS’ liability balances recorded in certain lines of business. Liability balances associated with TS customers who are also customers of the Commercial Banking line of business are not included in TS liability balances. (in millions)(a) 2005 2004 2003 Treasury Services revenue reported in Commercial Banking $ 2,299 $ 1,467 $ 896 Treasury Services revenue reported in other lines of business 303 204 118 Treasury & Securities Services firmwide metrics include certain TSS product revenues and liability balances reported in other lines of business related to customers who are also customers of those other lines of busi- ness. In order to capture the firmwide impact of TS and TSS products and revenues, management reviews firmwide metrics such as liability balances, revenues and overhead ratios in assessing financial performance for TSS. Firmwide metrics are necessary, in management’s view, in order to under- stand the aggregate TSS business. Asset & Wealth Management Asset & Wealth Management provides investment advice and management for institutions and individuals. With Assets under supervision of $1.1 trillion, AWM is one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. AWM serves four distinct client groups through three businesses: institutions through JPMorgan Asset Management; ultra-high-net-worth clients through the Private Bank; high-net-worth clients through Private Client Services; and retail clients through JPMorgan Asset Management. The majority of AWM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. AWM has global investment expertise in equities, fixed income, real estate, hedge funds, private equity and liquidity, including both money market instruments and bank deposits. AWM also provides trust and estate services to ultra-high-net-worth and high-net-worth clients, and retirement services for corporations and individuals. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue Asset management, administration and commissions $ 4,189 $ 3,140 $ 2,258 Other income 394 243 224 Noninterest revenue 4,583 3,383 2,482 Net interest income 1,081 796 488 Total net revenue 5,664 4,179 2,970 Provision for credit losses (b) (56) (14) 35 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 2,179 1,579 1,213 Noncompensation expense 1,582 1,502 1,265 Amortization of intangibles 99 52 8 Total noninterest expense 3,860 3,133 2,486 Operating earnings before income tax expense 1,860 1,060 449 Income tax expense 644 379 162 Operating earnings $ 1,216 $ 681 $ 287 Financial ratios ROE 51% 17% 5% Overhead ratio 68 75 84 Pre-tax margin ratio (c) 33 25 15 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) 2005 includes a $3 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. (c) Pre-tax margin represents Operating earnings before income tax expense divided by Total net revenue, which is a comprehensive measure of pre-tax performance and is another basis by which AWM management evaluates its performance and that of its competitors. Pre-tax margin is an effective measure of AWM’s earnings, after all costs are taken into consideration. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating earnings of $1.2 billion were up $535 million from the prior year due to the Merger and increased revenue, partially offset by higher compensation expense. Net revenue was $5.7 billion, up $1.5 billion, or 36%. Noninterest revenue, primarily fees and commissions, of $4.6 billion was up $1.2 billion, principally due to the Merger, the acquisition of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management in 2004, net asset inflows and global equity market appreciation. Net interest income of $1.1 billion was up $285 million, primarily due to the Merger, higher deposit and loan balances, partially offset by narrower deposit spreads. Private Bank client segment revenue of $1.7 billion increased by $135 million. Retail client segment revenue of $1.5 billion increased by $360 million. Institutional client segment revenue was up $504 million to $1.4 billion due to the acquisition of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management. Private Client Services client segment revenue grew by $486 million, to $1.0 billion. Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $56 million, compared with a benefit of $14 million in the prior year, due to lower net charge-offs and refinements in the data used to estimate the allowance for credit losses. Noninterest expense of $3.9 billion increased by $727 million, or 23%, reflecting the Merger, the acquisition of Highbridge and increased compensa- tion expense related primarily to higher performance-based incentives. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $681 million, up 137% from the prior year, due largely to the Merger but also driven by increased revenue and a decrease in the Provision for credit losses; these were partially offset by higher Compensation expense. Total net revenue was $4.2 billion, up 41%, primarily due to the Merger. Additionally, fees and commissions increased due to global equity market appreciation, net asset inflows and the acquisition of JPMorgan Retirement Plan Services (“RPS”) in 2003. Fees and commissions also increased due to an improved product mix, with an increased percentage of assets in higher-yielding products. Net interest income increased due to deposit and loan growth. The Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $14 million, a decrease of $49 million, due to an improvement in credit quality. Noninterest expense was $3.1 billion, up 26%, due to the Merger, increased Compensation expense and increased technology and marketing initiatives. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ranking data, and where otherwise noted) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue by client segment Private bank $ 1,689 $ 1,554 $ 1,437 Retail 1,544 1,184 774 Institutional 1,395 891 681 Private client services 1,036 550 78 Total net revenue $ 5,664 $ 4,179 $ 2,970 Business metrics Number of: Client advisors 1,430 1,333 651 Retirement Plan Services participants 1,299,000 918,000 756,000 % of customer assets in 4 & 5 Star Funds(b) 46% 48% 48% % of AUM in 1st and 2nd quartiles:(c) 1 year 69 66 57 3 years 68 71 69 5 years 74 68 65 Selected average balances Total assets $ 41,599 $ 37,751 $ 33,780 Loans 26,610 21,545 16,678 Deposits (d) 42,123 32,431 20,576 Equity 2,400 3,902 5,507 Headcount 12,127 12,287 8,520 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 51 Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 52 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Credit data and quality statistics Net charge-offs $2 3 $7 2 $ 9 Nonperforming loans 104 79 173 Allowance for loan losses 132 216 130 Allowance for lending-related commitments 4 54 Net charge-off rate 0.09% 0.33% 0.05% Allowance for loan losses to average loans 0.50 1.00 0.78 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 127 273 75 Nonperforming loans to average loans 0.39 0.37 1.04 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Star rankings derived from Morningstar and Standard & Poor’s. (c) Quartile rankings sourced from Lipper and Standard & Poor’s. (d) Reflects the transfer in 2005 of certain consumer deposits from Retail Financial Services to Asset & Wealth Management. Assets under supervision 2005 compared with 2004 Assets under supervision (“AUS”) at December 31, 2005, were $1.1 trillion, up 4%, or $43 billion, from the prior year despite a $33 billion reduction due to the sale of BrownCo. Assets under management (“AUM”) were $847 billion, up 7%. The increase was primarily the result of net asset inflows in equity- related products and global equity market appreciation. The Firm also has a 43% interest in American Century Companies, Inc., whose AUM totaled $101 billion and $98 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Custody, brokerage, administration, and deposits were $302 billion, down $13 billion due to a $33 billion reduction from the sale of BrownCo. 2004 compared with 2003 Assets under supervision at December 31, 2004, were $1.1 trillion, up 45% from 2003, and Assets under management were $791 billion, up 41% from the prior year. The increases were primarily the result of the Merger, as well as market appreciation, net asset inflows and the acquisition of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management. The Firm also has a 43% interest in American Century Companies, Inc., whose AUM totaled $98 billion and $87 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Custody, brokerage, administration, and deposits were $315 billion, up 55%, due to market appreciation, the Merger and net inflows across all products. Assets under supervision (a) (in billions) As of or for the year ended December 31, 2005 2004 Assets by asset class Liquidity $ 238 $ 232 Fixed income 165 171 Equities & balanced 370 326 Alternatives 74 62 Total Assets under management 847 791 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 302 315 Total Assets under supervision $ 1,149 $ 1,106 Assets by client segment Institutional $ 481 $ 466 Private Bank 145 139 Retail 169 133 Private Client Services 52 53 Total Assets under management $ 847 $ 791 Institutional $ 484 $ 487 Private Bank 318 304 Retail 245 221 Private Client Services 102 94 Total Assets under supervision $ 1,149 $ 1,106 Assets by geographic region U.S./Canada $ 562 $ 554 International 285 237 Total Assets under management $ 847 $ 791 U.S./Canada $ 805 $ 815 International 344 291 Total Assets under supervision $ 1,149 $ 1,106 Mutual fund assets by asset class Liquidity $ 182 $ 183 Fixed income 45 41 Equity 150 104 Total mutual fund assets $ 377 $ 328 Assets under management rollforward(b) Beginning balance, January 1 $ 791 $5 6 1 Flows: Liquidity 8 3 Fixed income — (8) Equity, balanced and alternative 24 14 Acquisitions /divestitures (c) — 183 Market/performance/other impacts (d) 24 38 Ending balance, December 31 $ 847 $7 9 1 Assets under supervision rollforward (b) Beginning balance, January 1 $ 1,106 $7 6 4 Net asset flows 49 42 Acquisitions /divestitures (e) (33) 221 Market/performance/other impacts (d) 27 79 Ending balance, December 31 $ 1,149 $ 1,106 (a) Excludes Assets under management of American Century. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (c) Reflects the Merger with Bank One ($176 billion) and the acquisition of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management ($7 billion) in 2004. (d) Includes AWM’s strategic decision to exit the Institutional fiduciary business ($12 billion) in 2005. (e) Reflects the Merger with Bank One ($214 billion) and the acquisition of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management ($7 billion) in 2004, and the sale of BrownCo ($33 bil- lion) in 2005. AWM’s client segments are comprised of the following: Institutional serves large and mid-size corporate and public institutions, endowments and foundations, and governments globally. AWM offers these institutions comprehensive global investment services, including investment management across asset classes, pension analytics, asset- liability management, active risk budgeting and overlay strategies. The Private Bank addresses every facet of wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families worldwide, including invest- ment management, capital markets and risk management, tax and estate planning, banking, capital raising and specialty wealth advisory services. Retail provides worldwide investment management services and retirement planning and administration through third-party and direct distribution channels. Private Client Servicesoffers high-net-worth individuals, families and busi- ness owners comprehensive wealth management solutions that include finan- cial planning, personal trust, investment and banking products and services. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 53 Corporate The Corporate sector is comprised of Private Equity, Treasury, corporate staff units and expenses that are centrally managed. Private Equity includes the JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners businesses. Treasury manages the structural interest rate risk and investment portfolio for the Firm. The corporate staff units include Central Technology and Operations, Audit, Executive Office, Finance, Human Resources, Marketing & Communications, Office of the General Counsel, Corporate Real Estate and General Services, Risk Management, and Strategy and Development. Other centrally managed expenses include the Firm’s occupancy and pension-related expenses, net of allocations to the business. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004(d) 2003(d) Revenue Securities /private equity gains $ 200 $ 1,786 $ 1,031 Other income (b) 1,410 315 303 Noninterest revenue 1,610 2,101 1,334 Net interest income (2,736) (1,216) (133) Total net revenue (1,126) 885 1,201 Provision for credit losses (c) 10 (110) 124 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 3,151 2,426 1,893 Noncompensation expense 4,216 4,088 3,216 Subtotal 7,367 6,514 5,109 Net expenses allocated to other businesses (5,343) (5,213) (4,580) Total noninterest expense 2,024 1,301 529 Operating earnings before income tax expense (3,160) (306) 548 Income tax expense (benefit) (1,429) (367) (120) Operating earnings (loss) $ (1,731) $ 61 $ 668 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes $1.3 billion (pre-tax) gain on the sale of BrownCo in 2005. (c) 2005 includes a $12 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina. (d) In 2005, the Corporate sector’s and the Firm’s operating results were presented on a tax- equivalent basis. Prior period results have been restated. This restatement had no impact on the Corporate sector’s or the Firm’s operating earnings. 2005 compared with 2004 Operating loss of $1.7 billion declined from earnings of $61 million in the prior year. Net revenue was a loss of $1.1 billion compared with revenue of $885 million in the prior year. Noninterest revenue of $1.6 billion decreased by $491 million and included securities losses of $1.5 billion due to the repositioning of the Treasury investment portfolio, to manage exposure to interest rates, the gain on the sale of BrownCo of $1.3 billion and the increase in private equity gains of $262 million. For a further discussion on the sale of BrownCo, see Note 2 on page 93 of this Annual Report. Net interest income was a loss of $2.7 billion compared with a loss of $1.2 billion in the prior year. Actions and policies adopted in conjunction with the Merger and the repositioning of the Treasury investment portfolio were the main drivers of the increased loss. Noninterest expense was $2.0 billion, up $723 million, or 56%, from the prior year, primarily due to the Merger and the cost of the accelerated vesting of certain employee stock options. These increases were offset partially by merger- related savings and other expense efficiencies. On September 15, 2004, JPMorgan Chase and IBM announced the Firm’s plans to reintegrate the portions of its technology infrastructure – including data centers, help desks, distributed computing, data networks and voice networks – that were previously outsourced to IBM. In January 2005, approximately 3,100 employees and 800 contract employees were transferred to the Firm. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $61 million, down from earnings of $668 million in the prior year. Noninterest revenue was $2.1 billion, up 57% from the prior year. The primary component of noninterest revenue is Securities/private equity gains, which totaled $1.8 billion, up 73% from the prior year. The increase was a result of net gains in the Private Equity portfolio of $1.4 billion in 2004 compared with $27 million in net gains in 2003. Partially offsetting these gains were lower investment securities gains in Treasury. Net interest income was a loss of $1.2 billion compared with a loss of $133 million in the prior year. The increased loss was driven primarily by actions and policies adopted in conjunction with the Merger. Noninterest expense of $1.3 billion was up $772 million from the prior year due to the Merger. The Merger resulted in higher gross compensation and noncompensation expenses. Allocations of compensation and noncom- pensation expenses to the businesses were lower than the gross expense increase due to certain policies adopted in conjunction with the Merger, which retain in Corporate overhead costs that would not be incurred by the lines of business if operated on a stand-alone basis, and costs in excess of the market price for services provided by the corporate staff and technology and operations areas. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount) 2005 2004 2003 Selected average balances Short-term investments (b) $ 16,808 $ 14,590 $ 4,076 Investment portfolio (c) 54,481 65,985 65,113 Goodwill (d) 43,475 21,773 293 Total assets 160,720 162,234 104,395 Headcount 28,384 24,806 13,391 Treasury Securities gains (losses) $ (1,502) $ 347 $ 999 Investment portfolio (average) 46,520 57,776 56,299 Investment portfolio (ending) 30,741 64,949 45,811 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents Federal funds sold, Securities borrowed, Trading assets – debt and equity instru- ments and Trading assets – derivative receivables. (c) Represents Investment securities and private equity investments. (d) As of July 1, 2004, the Firm revised the goodwill allocation methodology to retain all good- will in Corporate. Effective with the first quarter of 2006, the Firm will refine its methodolo- gy to allocate goodwill to the lines of business. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 54 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Selected income statement and balance sheet data – Private equity Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Private equity gains (losses) Direct investments Realized gains $ 1,969 $ 1,423 $ 535 Write-ups / (write-downs) (72) (192) (404) Mark-to-market gains (losses) (338) 164 215 Total direct investments 1,559 1,395 346 Third-party fund investments 132 34 (319) Total private equity gains (losses) 1,691 1,429 27 Other income 40 53 47 Net interest income (209) (271) (264) Total net revenue 1,522 1,211 (190) Total noninterest expense 244 288 268 Operating earnings (loss) before income tax expense 1,278 923 (458) Income tax expense 457 321 (168) Operating earnings (loss) $ 821 $ 602 $ (290) Private equity portfolio information (b) Direct investments Public securities Carrying value $ 479 $ 1,170 $ 643 Cost 403 744 451 Quoted public value 683 1,758 994 Private direct securities Carrying value 5,028 5,686 5,508 Cost 6,463 7,178 6,960 Third-party fund investments Carrying value 669 641 1,099 Cost 1,003 1,042 1,736 Total private equity portfolio Carrying value $ 6,176 $ 7,497 $ 7,250 Cost $ 7,869 $ 8,964 $ 9,147 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) For further information on the Firm’s policies regarding the valuation of the private equity portfolio, see Note 9 on pages 103–105 of this Annual Report. Private equity 2005 compared with 2004 Private Equity’s operating earnings for the year were $821 million compared with $602 million in the prior year. This improvement in earnings reflected an increase of $262 million in private equity gains to $1.7 billion, a 15% reduction in noninterest expenses and a $62 million decline in net funding costs of carrying portfolio investments. Private equity gains benefited from continued favorable markets for investment sales and recapitalizations, resulting in nearly $2 billion of realized gains. The carrying value of the private equity portfolio declined by $1.3 billion to $6.2 billion as of December 31, 2005. This decline was primarily the result of sales and recapitalizations of direct investments. 2004 compared with 2003 Private Equity’s operating earnings for the year totaled $602 million compared with a loss of $290 million in 2003. This improvement reflected a $1.4 billion increase in total private equity gains. In 2004, markets improved for investment sales, resulting in $1.4 billion of realized gains on direct investments, compared with realized gains of $535 million in 2003. Net write-downs on direct investments were $192 million in 2004 compared with net write-downs of $404 million in 2003, as valuations continued to stabilize amid positive market conditions. The carrying value of the Private Equity portfolio at December 31, 2004, was $7.5 billion, an increase of $247 million from December 31, 2003. The increase was primarily the result of the acquisition of ONE Equity Partners as a result of the Merger. Excluding ONE Equity Partners, the portfolio declined as a result of sales of investments, which was consistent with management’s intention to reduce over time the capital committed to private equity. Sales of third-party fund investments resulted in a decrease in carrying value of $458 million, to $641 million at December 31, 2004, compared with $1.1 billion at December 31, 2003. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 55 Balance sheet analysis Selected balance sheet data December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Assets Cash and due from banks $ 36,670 $ 35,168 Deposits with banks and Federal funds sold 26,072 28,958 Securities purchased under resale agreements and Securities borrowed 204,174 141,504 Trading assets – debt and equity instruments 248,590 222,832 Trading assets – derivative receivables 49,787 65,982 Securities: Available-for-sale 47,523 94,402 Held-to-maturity 77 110 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 412,058 394,794 Other receivables 27,643 31,086 Goodwill and other intangible assets 58,180 57,887 All other assets 88,168 84,525 Total assets $ 1,198,942 $ 1,157,248 Liabilities Deposits $ 554,991 $ 521,456 Securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities lent 117,124 112,347 Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 94,157 87,942 Trading liabilities – derivative payables 51,773 63,265 Long-term debt and capital debt securities 119,886 105,718 All other liabilities 153,800 160,867 Total liabilities 1,091,731 1,051,595 Stockholders’ equity 107,211 105,653 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 1,198,942 $ 1,157,248 Securities purchased under resale agreements and Securities sold under repurchase agreements The increase in Securities purchased under resale agreements was due primarily to growth in client-driven financing activities in North America and Europe. Trading assets and liabilities – debt and equity instruments The Firm’s debt and equity trading instruments consist primarily of fixed income securities (including government and corporate debt) and equity and convertible cash instruments used for both market-making and proprietary risk-taking activities. The increase over December 31, 2004, was primarily due to growth in client- driven market-making activities across interest rate, credit and equity markets. For additional information, refer to Note 3 on page 94 of this Annual Report. Trading assets and liabilities – derivative receivables and payables The Firm uses various interest rate, foreign exchange, equity, credit and commodity derivatives for market-making, proprietary risk-taking and risk management purposes. The decline from December 31, 2004, was primarily due to the appreciation of the U.S. dollar and, to a lesser extent, higher interest rates, partially offset by increased commodity trading activity and rising commodity prices. For additional information, refer to Credit risk management and Note 3 on pages 63–74 and 94, respectively, of this Annual Report. Securities The AFS portfolio declined by $46.9 billion from December 31, 2004, primarily due to securities sales (as a result of management’s decision to reposition the Treasury investment portfolio to manage exposure to interest rates) and maturities, which more than offset purchases. For additional information related to securities, refer to the Corporate segment discussion and to Note 9 on pages 53–54 and 103–105, respectively, of this Annual Report. Loans The $17 billion increase in gross loans was due primarily to an increase of $15 billion in the wholesale portfolio, primarily from the IB, reflecting higher balances of loans held-for-sale (“HFS”) related to securitization and syndication activities, and growth in the IB Credit Portfolio. Wholesale HFS loans were $18 billion as of December 31, 2005, compared with $6 billion as of December 31, 2004. For consumer loans, growth in consumer real estate (primarily home equity loans) and credit card loans was offset largely by a decline in the auto portfolio. The increase in credit card loans primarily reflected growth from new account originations and the acquisition of $1.5 billion of Sears Canada loans on the balance sheet. The decline in the auto portfolio primarily reflected a difficult auto lending market in 2005, $3.8 billion of securitizations and was also the result of a strategic review of the portfolio in 2004 that led to the decisions to de-emphasize vehicle leasing and sell a $2 billion recreational vehicle portfolio. For a more detailed discussion of the loan portfolio and the Allowance for loan losses, refer to Credit risk management on pages 63–74 of this Annual Report. Goodwill and Other intangible assets The $293 million increase in Goodwill and Other intangible assets primarily resulted from higher MSRs due to growth in the servicing portfolio as well as an overall increase in the valuation from improved market conditions; the business partnership with Cazenove; the acquisition of the Sears Canada credit card business; and the Neovest and Vastera acquisitions. Partially offsetting the increase were declines from the amortization of purchased credit card relation- ships and core deposit intangibles and the deconsolidation of Paymentech. For additional information, see Note 15 on pages 114–116 of this Annual Report. Deposits Deposits increased by 6% from December 31, 2004. Retail deposits increased, reflecting growth from new account acquisitions and the ongoing expansion of the retail branch distribution network. Wholesale deposits were higher, driven by growth in business volumes. For more information on deposits, refer to the RFS segment discussion and the Liquidity risk management discussion on pages 39–44 and 61–62, respectively, of this Annual Report. For more information on liability balances, refer to the CB and TSS segment discussions on pages 47–48 and 49–50, respectively, of this Annual Report. Long-term debt and capital debt securities Long-term debt and capital debt securities increased by $14.2 billion, or 13%, from December 31, 2004, primarily due to net new issuances of long-term debt and capital debt securities. The Firm took advantage of narrow credit spreads globally to issue opportunistically long-term debt and capital debt securities throughout 2005. Consistent with its liquidity management policy, the Firm raised funds sufficient to cover maturing obligations over the next 12 months and to support the less liquid assets on its balance sheet. Large investor cash positions and increased foreign investor participation in the corporate markets allowed JPMorgan Chase to diversify further its funding across the global markets while lengthening maturities. For additional information on the Firm’s long-term debt activity, see the Liquidity risk management discussion on pages 61–62 of this Annual Report. Stockholders’ equity Total stockholders’ equity increased by $1.6 billion from year-end 2004 to $107.2 billion at December 31, 2005. The increase was the result of net income for 2005 and common stock issued under employee plans, partially offset by cash dividends, stock repurchases, the redemption of $200 million of preferred stock and net unrealized losses in Accumulated other comprehensive income. For a further discussion of capital, see the Capital management section that follows. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 56 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Capital management The Firm’s capital management framework is intended to ensure that there is capital sufficient to support the underlying risks of the Firm’s business activities, as measured by economic risk capital, and to maintain “well-capitalized” status under regulatory requirements. In addition, the Firm holds capital above these requirements in amounts deemed appropriate to achieve management’s regulatory and debt rating objectives. The Firm’s capital framework is integrated into the process of assigning equity to the lines of business. Line of business equity The Firm’s framework for allocating capital is based upon the following objectives: • Integrate firmwide capital management activities with capital management activities within each of the lines of business. • Measure performance consistently across all lines of business. • Provide comparability with peer firms for each of the lines of business. Equity for a line of business represents the amount the Firm believes the busi- ness would require if it were operating independently, incorporating sufficient capital to address economic risk measures, regulatory capital requirements, and capital levels for similarly rated peers. Return on equity is measured and internal targets for expected returns are established as a key measure of a business segment’s performance. For performance management purposes, the Firm initiated a methodology at the time of the Merger for allocating goodwill. Under this methodology, in the last half of 2004 and all of 2005, goodwill from the Merger and from any business acquisition by either heritage firm prior to the Merger was allocated to Corporate, as was any associated equity. Therefore, 2005 line of business equity is not comparable to equity assigned to the lines of business in prior years. The increase in average common equity in the following table for 2005 was attributable primarily to the Merger. (in billions) Yearly Average Line of business equity 2005 2004(a) Investment Bank $ 20.0 $ 17.3 Retail Financial Services 13.4 9.1 Card Services 11.8 7.6 Commercial Banking 3.4 2.1 Treasury & Securities Services 1.9 2.5 Asset & Wealth Management 2.4 3.9 Corporate (b) 52.6 33.1 Total common stockholders’ equity $ 105.5 $ 75.6 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) 2005 includes $43.5 billion of equity to offset goodwill and $9.1 billion of equity, primarily related to Treasury, Private Equity and the Corporate Pension Plan. Effective January 1, 2006, the Firm expects to refine its methodology for allocating capital to the lines of business, and may continue to refine this methodology. The revised methodology, among other things, considers for each line of businessgoodwill associated with such line of business’ acquisitions since the Merger. As a result of this refinement, Retail Financial Services, Card Services, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management will have higher amounts of capital allocated in 2006, while the amount of capital allocated to the Investment Bank will remain unchanged. In management’s view, the revised methodology assigns responsi- bility to the lines of business to generate returns on the amount of capital supporting acquisition-related goodwill. As part of this refinement in the capital allocation methodology, the Firm will assign to the Corporate segment an amount of equity capital equal to the then-current book value of goodwill from and prior to the Merger. In accordance with SFAS 142, the lines of business will continue to perform the required goodwill impairment testing. For a further discussion of goodwill and impairment testing, see Critical accounting estimates and Note 15 on pages 81–83 and 114–116, respectively, of this Annual Report. Economic risk capital JPMorgan Chase assesses its capital adequacy relative to the underlying risks of the Firm’s business activities, utilizing internal risk-assessment methodologies. The Firm assigns economic capital based primarily upon five risk factors: credit risk, market risk, operational risk and business risk for each business; and private equity risk, principally for the Firm’s private equity business. (in billions) Yearly Average Economic risk capital 2005 2004(a) Credit risk $ 22.6 $ 16.5 Market risk 9.8 7.5 Operational risk 5.5 4.5 Business risk 2.1 1.9 Private equity risk 3.8 4.5 Economic risk capital 43.8 34.9 Goodwill 43.5 25.9 Other(b) 18.2 14.8 Total common stockholders’ equity $ 105.5 $ 75.6 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) Additional capital required to meet internal debt and regulatory rating objectives. Credit risk capital Credit risk capital is estimated separately for the wholesale businesses (Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management) and consumer businesses (Retail Financial Services and Card Services). Credit risk capital for the overall wholesale credit portfolio is defined in terms of unexpected credit losses, both from defaults and declines in market value due to credit deterioration, measured over a one-year period at a confidence level consistent with the level of capitalization necessary to achieve a targeted ‘AA’ solvency standard. Unexpected losses are in excess of those for which provisions for credit losses are maintained. In addition to maturity and corre- lations, capital allocation is differentiated by several principal drivers of credit risk: exposure at default (or loan equivalent amount), likelihood of default, loss severity, and market credit spread. • Loan equivalent amount for counterparty exposures in an over-the-counter derivative transaction is represented by the expected positive exposure based upon potential movements of underlying market rates. Loan equivalents for unused revolving credit facilities represent the portion of an unused commitment likely, based upon the Firm’s average portfolio historical experience, to become outstanding in the event an obligor defaults. • Default likelihood is based upon current market conditions for all publicly traded names and investment banking clients, by referencing the growing market in credit derivatives and secondary market loan sales. This method- ology produces, in the Firm’s view, more active risk management by utilizing a forward-looking measure of credit risk. This dynamic measure captures current market conditions and will change with the credit cycle over time impacting the level of credit risk capital. For privately-held firms in the commercial banking portfolio, default likelihood is based upon longer term averages over an entire credit cycle. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 57 • Loss severity of exposure is based upon the Firm’s average historical experience during workouts, with adjustments to account for collateral or subordination. • Market credit spreads are used in the evaluation of changes in exposure value due to credit deterioration. Credit risk capital for the consumer portfolio is intended to represent a capital level sufficient to support an ‘AA’ rating, and its allocation is based upon product and other relevant risk segmentation. Actual segment level default and severity experience are used to estimate unexpected losses for a one-year horizon at a confidence level equivalent to the ‘AA’ solvency standard. Statistical results for cer- tain segments or portfolios are adjusted upward to ensure that capital is consistent with external benchmarks, including subordination levels on market transactions and capital held at representative monoline competitors, where appropriate. Market risk capital The Firm calculates market risk capital guided by the principle that capital should reflect the risk of loss in the value of portfolios and financial instruments caused by adverse movements in market variables, such as interest and foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, securities prices and commodities prices. Daily VAR, monthly stress-test results and other factors are used to determine appropriate capital levels. The Firm allocates market risk capital to each business segment according to a formula that weights that segment’s VAR and stress test exposures. See Market risk management on pages 75–78 of this Annual Report for more information about these market risk measures. Operational risk capital Capital is allocated to the lines of business for operational risk using a risk-based capital allocation methodology which estimates operational risk on a bottom-up basis. The operational risk capital model is based upon actual losses and potential scenario-based stress losses, with adjustments to the capital calculation to reflect changes in the quality of the control environment or the potential offset as a result of the use of risk-transfer products. The Firm believes the model is consistent with the new Basel II Framework and expects to propose it eventually for qualification under the advanced measurement approach for operational risk. Business risk capital Business risk is defined as the risk associated with volatility in the Firm’s earnings due to factors not captured by other parts of its economic-capital framework. Such volatility can arise from ineffective design or execution of business strategies, volatile economic or financial market activity, changing client expectations and demands, and restructuring to adjust for changes in the competitive environment. For business risk, capital is allocated to each business based upon historical revenue volatility and measures of fixed and variable expenses. Earnings volatility arising from other risk factors, such as credit, market, or operational risk, is excluded from the measurement of business risk capital, as those factors are captured under their respective risk capital models. Private equity risk capital Capital is allocated to privately- and publicly-held securities, third-party fund investments and commitments in the Private Equity portfolio to cover the potential loss associated with a decline in equity markets and related asset devaluations. Regulatory capital The Firm’s federal banking regulator, the Federal Reserve Board (“FRB”), establishes capital requirements, including well-capitalized standards for the consolidated financial holding company. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) establishes similar capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s national banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank and Chase Bank USA, National Association. The federal banking regulatory agencies issued a final rule that makes perma- nent an interim rule issued in 2000 that provides regulatory capital relief for certain cash-collateralized securities borrowed transactions, effective February 22, 2006. The final rule also broadens the types of transactions qualifying for regulatory capital relief under the interim rule. Adoption of the rule is not expected to have a material effect on the Firm’s capital ratios. On March 1, 2005, the FRB issued a final rule, which became effective April 11, 2005, that continues the inclusion of trust preferred securities in Tier 1 capital, subject to stricter quantitative limits and revised qualitative standards, and broadens the definition of restricted core capital elements. The rule provides for a five-year transition period. As an internationally active bank holding company, JPMorgan Chase is subject to the rule’s limitation on restricted core capital elements, including trust preferred securities, to 15% of total core capital elements, net of goodwill less any associated deferred tax liability. At December 31, 2005, JPMorgan Chase’s restricted core capital elements were 16.5% of total core capital elements. JPMorgan Chase expects to be in compliance with the 15% limit by the March 31, 2009, implementation date. On July 20, 2004, the federal banking regulatory agencies issued a final rule that excludes assets of asset-backed commercial paper programs that are consolidated as a result of FIN 46R from risk-weighted assets for purposes of computing Tier 1 and Total risk-based capital ratios. The final rule also requires that capital be held against short-term liquidity facilities supporting asset-backed commercial paper programs. The final rule became effective September 30, 2004. In addition, both short- and long-term liquidity facilities are subject to certain asset quality tests effective September 30, 2005. Adoption of the rule did not have a material effect on the capital ratios of the Firm. The following tables show that JPMorgan Chase maintained a well-capitalized position based upon Tier1and Total capital ratios at December 31,2005 and 2004. Capital ratios Well-capitalized December 31, 2005 2004 ratios Tier 1 capital ratio 8.5% 8.7% 6.0% Total capital ratio 12.0 12.2 10.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.3 6.2 NA Total stockholders’ equity to assets 8.9 9.1 NA Risk-based capital components and assets December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Total Tier 1 capital $ 72,474 $ 68,621 Total Tier 2 capital 29,963 28,186 Total capital $ 102,437 $ 96,807 Risk-weighted assets $ 850,643 $ 791,373 Total adjusted average assets 1,152,546 1,102,456 Tier 1 capital was $72.5 billion at December 31, 2005, compared with $68.6 billion at December 31, 2004, an increase of $3.9 billion. The increase was due primarily to net income of $8.5 billion, net common stock issued under employee plans of $1.9 billion, $1.3 billion of additional qualifying trust preferred securities and a decline of $716 million in the deduction for nonqualifying intangible assets as a result of amortization. Offsetting these increases were dividends declared of $4.8 billion, common share repurchases of $3.4 billion, an increase in the deduction for goodwill of $418 million and the redemption of $200 million of preferred stock. Additional information regarding the Firm’s capital ratios and the federal regulatory capital standards to which it is subject is presented in Note 24 on pages 121–122 of this Annual Report. Basel II The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the new Basel II Framework in 2004 in an effort to update the original international bank capital Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 58 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report accord (“Basel I”), in effect since 1988. The goal of the Basel II Framework is to improve the consistency of capital requirements internationally, make regulatory capital more risk-sensitive, and promote enhanced risk management practices among large, internationally active banking organizations. JPMorgan Chase supports the overall objectives of the Basel II Framework. U.S. banking regulators are in the process of incorporating the Basel II Framework into the existing risk-based capital requirements. JPMorgan Chase will be required to implement advanced measurement techniques in the U.S. by employing internal estimates of certain key risk drivers to derive capital requirements. Prior to implementation of the new Basel II Framework, JPMorgan Chase will be required to demonstrate to its U.S. bank supervisors that its internal criteria meet the relevant supervisory standards. JPMorgan Chase expects to be in compliance within the established timelines with all relevant Basel II rules. Dividends The Firm’s common stock dividend policy reflects JPMorgan Chase’s earnings outlook, desired payout ratios, need to maintain an adequate capital level and alternative investment opportunities. In 2005, JPMorgan Chase declared a quar- terly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.34 per share. The Firm continues to target a dividend payout ratio of 30-40% of operating earnings over time. Stock repurchases On July 20, 2004, the Board of Directors approved an initial stock repurchase program in the aggregate amount of $6.0 billion. This amount includes shares to be repurchased to offset issuances under the Firm’s employee stock-based plans. The actual amount of shares repurchased is subject to various factors, including market conditions; legal considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm’s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); internal capital generation; and alternative potential investment opportunities. Under the stock repurchase program, during 2005, the Firm repurchased 93.5 million shares for $3.4 billion at an average price per share of $36.46. During 2004, the Firm repurchased 19.3 million shares for $738 million at an average price per share of $38.27. As of December 31, 2005, $1.9 billion of authorized repurchase capacity remained. The Firm has determined that it may, from time to time, enter into written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to facilitate the repurchase of common stock in accordance with the repurchase program. A Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan would allow the Firm to repurchase shares during periods when it would not otherwise be repurchasing common stock – for example, during internal trading “black-out periods.” All purchases under a Rule 10b5-1 plan must be made according to a predefined plan that is estab- lished when the Firm is not aware of material nonpublic information. For additional information regarding repurchases of the Firm’s equity securi- ties, see Part II, Item 5, Market for registrant’s common equity, related stock- holder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities, on page 11 of JPMorgan Chase’s 2005 Form 10–K. Off–balance sheet arrangements and contractual cash obligations Special-purpose entities JPMorgan Chase is involved with several types of off-balance sheet arrange- ments, including special purpose entities (“SPEs”), lines of credit and loan commitments. The principal uses of SPEs are to obtain sources of liquidity for JPMorgan Chase and its clients by securitizing financial assets, and to create other investment products for clients. These arrangements are an important part of the financial markets, providing market liquidity by facilitating investors’ access to specific portfolios of assets and risks. For example, SPEs are integral to the markets for mortgage-backed securities, commercial paper, and other asset-backed securities. The basic SPE structure involves a company selling assets to the SPE. The SPE funds the purchase of those assets by issuing securities to investors. To insulate investors from creditors of other entities, including the seller of assets, SPEs can be structured to be bankruptcy-remote. JPMorgan Chase is involved with SPEs in three broad categories: loan securitiza- tions, multi-seller conduits and client intermediation. Capital is held, as deemed appropriate, against all SPE-related transactions and related exposures, such as derivative transactions and lending-related commitments. For a further discussion of SPEs and the Firm’s accounting for them, see Note 1 on page 91, Note 13 on pages 108–111 and Note 14 on pages 111–113 of this Annual Report. The Firm has no commitments to issue its own stock to support any SPE transaction, and its policies require that transactions with SPEs be conducted at arm’s length and reflect market pricing. Consistent with this policy, no JPMorgan Chase employee is permitted to invest in SPEs with which the Firm is involved where such investment would violate the Firm’s Code of Conduct. These rules prohibit employees from self-dealing and prohibit employees from acting on behalf of the Firm in transactions with which they or their family have any significant financial interest. For certain liquidity commitments to SPEs, the Firm could be required to provide funding if the credit rating of JPMorgan Chase Bank were downgraded below specific levels, primarily P-1, A-1 and F1 for Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, respectively. The amount of these liquidity commitments was $71.3 billion and $79.4 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Alternatively, if JPMorgan Chase Bank were downgraded, the Firm could be replaced by another liquidity provider in lieu of providing funding under the liquidity commitment, or, in certain circumstances, could facilitate the sale or refinancing of the assets in the SPE in order to provide liquidity. Of its $71.3 billion in liquidity commitments to SPEs at December 31, 2005, $38.9 billion was included in the Firm’s other unfunded commitments to extend credit and asset purchase agreements, included in the following table. Of the $79.4 billion of liquidity commitments to SPEs at December 31, 2004, $47.7 billion was included in the Firm’s other unfunded commitments to extend credit and asset purchase agreements. As a result of the Firm’s consol- idation of multi-seller conduits in accordance with FIN 46R, $32.4 billion of these commitments, compared with $31.7 billion at December 31, 2004, are excluded from the following table, as the underlying assets of the SPEs have been included on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. The Firm also has exposure to certain SPEs arising from derivative transactions; these transactions are recorded at fair value on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value (i.e., MTM gains and losses) recorded in Trading revenue. Such MTM gains and losses are not included in the revenue amounts reported in the table below. The following table summarizes certain revenue information related to variable interest entities (“VIEs”) with which the Firm has significant involvement, and qualifying SPEs (“QSPEs”). The revenue reported in the table below primarily represents servicing and custodial fee income. For a further discussion of VIEs and QSPEs, see Note 1, Note 13 and Note 14, on pages 91, 108–111 and 111–113, respectively, of this Annual Report. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 59 Revenue from VIEs and QSPEs Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) VIEs (b) QSPEs Total 2005 $ 222 $ 1,645 $ 1,867 2004 154 1,438 1,592 2003 79 979 1,058 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes VIE-related revenue (i.e., revenue associated with consolidated and significant nonconsolidated VIEs). Off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees JPMorgan Chase utilizes lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees) to meet the financing needs of its customers. The contractual amount of these financial instruments represents the maximum possible credit risk should the counterparty draw down the commitment or the Firm fulfill its obligation under the guarantee, and the counterparty subsequently fails to perform according to the terms of the contract. Most of these commitments and guarantees expire without a default occurring or without being drawn. As a result, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not, in the Firm’s view, representative of its actual future credit exposure or funding requirements. Further, certain commitments, primarily related to consumer financings, are cancelable, upon notice, at the option of the Firm. For a further discussion of lending-related commitments and guarantees and the Firm’s accounting for them, see Credit risk management on pages 63–72 and Note 27 on pages 124–125 of this Annual Report. Contractual cash obligations In the normal course of business, the Firm enters into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. Commitments for future cash expenditures primarily include contracts to purchase future services and capital expenditures related to real estate–related obligations and equipment. The accompanying table summarizes, by remaining maturity, JPMorgan Chase’s off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and significant contractual cash obligations at December 31, 2005. Contractual purchases and capital expenditures in the table below reflect the minimum contractual obligation under legally enforceable contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. Excluded from the following table are a number of obligations to be settled in cash, primarily in under one year. These obligations are reflected on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets and include Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements; Other borrowed funds; purchases of Debt and equity instruments; Derivative payables; and certain purchases of instruments that resulted in settlement failures. For a discussion regarding Long-term debt and trust preferred capital securities, see Note 17 on pages 117–118 of this Annual Report. For a discussion regarding operating leases, see Note 25 on page 122 of this Annual Report. Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees 2005 By remaining maturity at December 31, Under 1–3 3–5 Over 2004 (in millions) 1 year years years 5 years Total Total Lending-related Consumer $597,047 $ 4,177 $ 3,971 $ 50,401 $ 655,596 $ 601,196 Wholesale: Other unfunded commitments to extend credit (a)(b) 78,912 47,930 64,244 17,383 208,469 185,822 Asset purchase agreements (c) 9,501 17,785 2,947 862 31,095 39,330 Standby letters of credit and guarantees (a)(d) 24,836 19,588 27,935 4,840 77,199 78,084 Other letters of credit (a) 6,128 586 247 40 7,001 6,163 Total wholesale 119,377 85,889 95,373 23,125 323,764 309,399 Total lending-related $716,424 $90,066 $ 99,344 $ 73,526 $ 979,360 $ 910,595 Other guarantees Securities lending guarantees (e) $244,316 $ — $ — $ — $ 244,316 $ 220,783 Derivatives qualifying as guarantees (f) 25,158 14,153 2,264 20,184 61,759 53,312 Contractual cash obligations By remaining maturity at December 31, (in millions) Time deposits of $100,000 and over $111,359 $ 2,917 $ 805 $ 692 $ 115,773 $ 115,343 Long-term debt 16,323 41,137 19,107 31,790 108,357 95,422 Trust preferred capital debt securities — — — 11,529 11,529 10,296 FIN 46R long-term beneficial interests (g) 106 80 24 2,144 2,354 6,393 Operating leases (h) 993 1,849 1,558 5,334 9,734 9,853 Contractual purchases and capital expenditures 1,145 777 255 147 2,324 2,742 Obligations under affinity and co-brand programs 1,164 2,032 1,891 1,790 6,877 4,402 Other liabilities (i) 762 1,636 1,172 8,076 11,646 10,966 Total $131,852 $50,428 $ 24,812 $ 61,502 $ 268,594 $ 255,417 (a) Represents contractual amount net of risk participations totaling $29.3 billion and $26.4 billion at December 31, 2005 and 20 04, respectively. (b) Includes unused advised lines of credit totaling $28.3 billion and $22.8 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, w hich are not legally binding. In regulatory filings with the FRB, unused advised lines are not reportable. (c) The maturity is based upon the weighted average life of the underlying assets in the SPE, primarily multi-seller asset-backed commercial paper conduits. (d) Includes unused commitments to issue standby letters of credit of $37.5 billion and $38.4 billion at December 31, 2005 and 20 04, respectively. (e) Collateral held by the Firm in support of securities lending indemnification agreements was $245.0 billion and $221.6 billi on at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (f) Represents notional amounts of derivative guarantees. For a further discussion of guarantees, see Note 27 on pages 124–125 of this Annual Report. (g) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs. (h) Excludes benefit of noncancelable sublease rentals of $1.3 billion and $689 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectivel y. (i) Includes deferred annuity contracts and expected funding for pension and other postretirement benefits for 2006. Funding requ irements for pension and postretirement benefits after 2006 are excluded due to the significant variability in the assumptions required to project the timing of future cash payments. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 60 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Risk management Risk is an inherent part of JPMorgan Chase’s business activities. The Firm’s risk management framework and governance structure is intended to provide comprehensive controls and ongoing management of the major risks inherent in its business activities. The Firm’s ability to properly identify, measure, monitor and report risk is critical to both soundness and profitability. • Risk identification: The Firm identifies risk by dynamically assessing the potential impact of internal and external factors on transactions and positions. Business and risk professionals develop appropriate mitigation strategies for the identified risks. • Risk measurement: The Firm measures risk using a variety of methodologies, including calculating probable loss, unexpected loss and value-at-risk, and by conducting stress tests and making comparisons to external bench- marks. Measurement models and related assumptions are routinely reviewed with the goal of ensuring that the Firm’s risk estimates are reasonable and reflective of underlying positions. • Risk monitoring/Control: The Firm establishes risk management policies and procedures. These policies contain approved limits by customer, product and business that are monitored on a daily, weekly and monthly basis as appropriate. • Risk reporting: Risk reporting covers all lines of business and is provided to management on a daily, weekly and monthly basis as appropriate. Risk governance The Firm’s risk governance structure is built upon the premise that each line of business is responsible for managing the risks inherent in its business activity. There are eight major risk types identified in the business activities of the Firm: liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, legal and reputation risk, fiduciary risk and private equity risk. As part of the risk management structure, each line of business has a Risk Committee responsible for decisions relating to risk strategy, policies and control. Where appropriate, the Risk Committees escalate risk issues to the Firm’s Operating Committee, comprised of senior officers of the Firm, or to the Risk Working Group, a subgroup of the Operating Committee. Overlaying risk management within the lines of business are three corporate functions: Treasury, Risk Management and Office of the General Counsel. Treasury is responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the interest rate and liquidity risk profile of the Firm. Risk Management, under the direction of the Chief Risk Officer reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, provides an independent firmwide function of control and management of risk. Within Risk Management are those units responsible for credit risk, market risk, operational risk, private equity risk and risk technology and operations, as well as Risk Management Services, which is responsible for risk policy and methodology, risk reporting and risk education. The Office of the General Counsel has oversight function for legal, reputation and fiduciary risk. In addition to the six lines of business risk committees and these corporate functions, the Firm maintains an Asset & Liability Committee (“ALCO”), which oversees interest rate and liquidity risk, and capital management, as well as the Firm’s funds transfer pricing policy, through which lines of business transfer interest rate risk to Treasury. Treasury has responsibility for ALCO policies and control and transfers aggregate risk positions to the Chief Investment Office, which has responsibility for managing the risk. There is also an Investment Committee, which reviews key aspects of the Firm’s global M&A activities that are undertaken for its own investment account and that fall outside the scope of the Firm’s private equity and other principal finance activities. Investment Committee Operating Committee ALCO Commercial Banking Risk Committee Investment Bank Risk Committee Retail Financial Services Risk & Credit Policy Committee Card Services Risk Committee Treasury & Securities Services Risk Committee Asset & Wealth Management Risk Committee Treasury (Liquidity Risk and Interest Rate Risk) Risk Management (Credit Risk, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Private Equity Risk, Risk Technology & Operations, Risk Management Services) Office of the General Counsel (Legal and Reputation Risk, and Fiduciary Risk) The Board of Directors exercises its oversight of risk management as a whole and through the Board’s Risk Policy Committee and Audit Committee. The Risk Policy Committee is responsible for oversight of management’s responsibilities to assess and manage the Firm’s risks as described above. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 61 Liquidity risk management Liquidity risk arises from the general funding needs of the Firm’s activities and in the management of its assets and liabilities. JPMorgan Chase’s liquidity management framework is intended to maximize liquidity access and minimize funding costs. Through active liquidity management, the Firm seeks to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of funding. This enables the Firm to replace maturing obligations when due and fund assets at appropriate matu- rities and rates. To accomplish this task, management uses a variety of liquidity risk measures that take into consideration market conditions, prevailing interest rates, liquidity needs and the desired maturity profile of liabilities. Governance The Asset & Liability Committee (“ALCO”) reviews the Firm’s overall liquidity policy and oversees the contingency funding plan. The ALCO also provides oversight of the Firm’s exposure to SPEs, with particular focus on the potential liquidity support requirements that the Firm may have to those SPEs. Treasury is responsible for formulating the Firm’s liquidity strategy and targets, understanding the Firm’s on- and off-balance sheet liquidity obligations, providing policy guidance, overseeing policy adherence, and maintaining contingency planning and stress testing. In addition, it identifies and measures internal and external liquidity warning signals to permit early detection of liquidity issues. An extension of the Firm’s ongoing liquidity management is its contingency funding plan. The goals of the plan are to ensure maintenance of appropriate liquidity during normal and stress periods, measure and project funding requirements during periods of stress, and manage access to funding sources. The plan considers temporary and long-term stress scenarios where access to unsecured funding is severely limited or nonexistent. The plan forecasts potential funding needs, taking into account both on- and off-balance sheet exposures, separately evaluating access to funds by the parent holding company and JPMorgan Chase Bank. The Firm’s liquidity risk framework also incorporates tools to monitor three primary measures of liquidity: • Holding company short-term position: Measures the parent holding company’s ability to repay all obligations with a maturity of less than one year at a time when the ability of the Firm’s subsidiaries to pay dividends to the parent company is constrained. Holding company short-term position is managed to a positive position over time. • Cash capital surplus: Measures the Firm’s ability to fund assets on a fully collateralized basis, assuming access to unsecured funding is lost. This measurement is intended to ensure that the illiquid portion of the balance sheet can be funded by equity, long-term debt, trust preferred securities and deposits the Firm believes to be core. • Basic surplus: Measures the Bank’s ability to sustain a 90-day stress event that is specific to the Firm where no new funding can be raised to meet obligations as they come due. Each liquidity position is managed to provide sufficient surplus. Risk monitoring and reporting Treasury is responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the liquidity profile of the Firm through both normal and stress periods. Treasury analyzes the diversity and maturity structure of the Firm’s sources of funding; and assesses downgrade impact scenarios, contingent funding needs, and overall collateral availability and pledging status. A downgrade analysis considers the impact of both parent and bank level downgrades (one- and two-notch) and calculates the loss of funding and increase in annual funding costs for both scenarios. A trigger-risk funding analysis considers the impact of a bank level downgrade through A-1/P-1 as well as the increased contingent funding requirements that would be triggered. These liquidity analytics rely on management’s judgment about JPMorgan Chase’s ability to liquidate assets or use them as collateral for borrowings and take into account credit risk management’s historical data on the funding of loan commitments (e.g., commercial paper back-up facilities), liquidity commitments to SPEs, commitments with rating triggers and collateral posting requirements. For a further discussion of SPEs and other off–balance sheet arrangements, see Off–balance sheet arrangements and contractual cash obligations on pages 58–59, as well as Note 1, Note 13, Note 14 and Note 27 on pages 91, 108–111, 111–113, and 124–125, respectively, of this Annual Report. Funding Sources of funds Consistent with its liquidity management policy, the Firm has raised funds at the parent holding company sufficient to cover its obligations and those of its nonbank subsidiaries that mature over the next 12 months. Long-term funding needs for the parent holding company over the next several quarters are expected to be consistent with prior periods. As of December 31, 2005, the Firm’s liquidity position remained strong based upon its liquidity metrics. JPMorgan Chase’s long-dated funding, including core deposits, exceeds illiquid assets, and the Firm believes its obligations can be met even if access to funding is impaired. The diversity of the Firm’s funding sources enhances financial flexibility and limits dependence on any one source, thereby minimizing the cost of funds. The deposits held by the RFS, CB and TSS lines of business are a stable and consistent source of funding for JPMorgan Chase Bank. As of December 31, 2005, total deposits for the Firm were $555 billion, which represented 67% of the Firm’s funding liabilities. A significant portion of the Firm’s retail deposits are “core” deposits, which are less sensitive to interest rate changes and therefore are considered more stable than market-based deposits. Core The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of guidelines and policies that govern the process by which risk assessment and management is under- taken. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews with management the system of internal controls and financial reporting that is relied upon to provide reason- able assurance of compliance with the Firm’s operational risk management processes. Both committees are responsible for oversight of reputation risk. The Chief Risk Officer and other management report on the risks of the Firm to the Board of Directors, particularly through the Board’s Risk Policy Committee and Audit Committee. The major risk types identified by the Firm are discussed in the following sections. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 62 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Credit ratings The credit ratings of JPMorgan Chase’s parent holding company and each of its significant banking subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, were as follows: Short-term debt Senior long-term debt Moody’s S&P Fitch Moody’s S&P Fitch JPMorgan Chase & Co. P-1 A-1 F1 Aa3 A+ A+ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. P-1 A-1+ F1+ Aa2 AA- A+ Chase Bank USA, N.A. P-1 A-1+ F1+ Aa2 AA- A+ deposits include all U.S. deposits insured by the FDIC, up to the legal limit of $100,000 per depositor. In 2005, core bank deposits increased approximately 8% from 2004 year-end. In addition to core retail deposits, the Firm benefits from substantial, geographically diverse corporate liability balances originated by TSS and CB through the normal course of business. These franchise-generated core liability balances are also a stable and consistent source of funding due to the nature of the businesses from which they are generated. For a further discussion of deposit and liability balance trends, see Business Segment Results and Balance Sheet Analysis on pages 34–35 and 55, respectively, of this Annual Report. Additional sources of funds include a variety of both short- and long-term instruments, including federal funds purchased, commercial paper, bank notes, medium- and long-term debt, and capital debt securities. This funding is managed centrally, using regional expertise and local market access, to ensure active participation in the global financial markets while maintaining consistent global pricing. These markets serve as a cost-effective and diversified source of funds and are a critical component of the Firm’s liquidity management. Decisions concerning the timing and tenor of accessing these markets are based upon relative costs, general market conditions, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile. Finally, funding flexibility is provided by the Firm’s ability to access the repo and asset securitization markets. These markets are evaluated on an ongoing basis to achieve an appropriate balance of secured and unsecured funding. The ability to securitize loans, and the associated gains on those securitizations, are principally dependent upon the credit quality and yields of the assets securitized and are generally not dependent upon the credit ratings of the issuing entity. Transactions between the Firm and its securitization structures are reflected in JPMorgan Chase’s consolidated financial statements; these relationships include retained interests in securitization trusts, liquidity facilities and derivative transactions. For further details, see Off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual cash obligations and Notes 13 and 27 on pages 58–59, 108–111 and 124–125, respectively, of this Annual Report. Issuance Corporate credit spreads widened modestly in 2005 across most industries and sectors. On an historical basis, credit spreads remain near historic tight levels as corporate balance sheet cash positions are strong and corporate profits generally healthy. JPMorgan Chase’s credit spreads performed in line with peer spreads in 2005. Continued strong foreign investor participation in the global corporate markets allowed JPMorgan Chase to identify attractive opportunities globally to further diversify its funding and capital sources while lengthening maturities. During 2005, JPMorgan Chase issued approximately $43.7 billion of long-term debt and capital debt securities. These issuances were offset partially by $26.9 billion of long-term debt and capital debt securities that matured or were redeemed and the Firm’s redemption of $200 million of preferred stock. In addition, in 2005 the Firm securitized approximately $18.1 billion of resi- dential mortgage loans, $15.1 billion of credit card loans and $3.8 billion of automobile loans, resulting in pre-tax gains on securitizations of $21 million, $101 million and $9 million, respectively. For a further discussion of loan securitizations, see Note 13 on pages 108–111 of this Annual Report. The Firm’s principal insurance subsidiaries had the following financial strength ratings as of December 31, 2005: Moody’s S&P A.M. Best Chase Insurance Life and Annuity Company A2 A+ A Chase Insurance Life Company A2 A+ A The cost and availability of unsecured financing are influenced by credit ratings. A reduction in these ratings could adversely affect the Firm’s access to liquidity sources, increase the cost of funds, trigger additional collateral requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend. Critical factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong capital ratios, strong credit quality and risk management controls, diverse funding sources and strong liquidity monitoring procedures. If the Firm’s ratings were downgraded by one notch, the Firm estimates the incremental cost of funds and the potential loss of funding to be negligible. Additionally, the Firm estimates the additional funding requirements for VIEs and other third-party commitments would not be material. In the current environment, the Firm believes a downgrade is unlikely. For additional information on the impact of a credit ratings downgrade on the funding requirements for VIEs, and on derivatives and collateral agreements, see Special-purpose entities on pages 58–59 and Ratings profile of derivative receivables mark-to-market (“MTM”) on page 69, of this Annual Report. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 63 Credit risk management Credit risk is the risk of loss from obligor or counterparty default. The Firm provides credit to customers of all sizes, from large corporate clients to loans for the individual consumer. The Firm manages the risk/reward relationship of each portfolio and discourages the retention of loan assets that do not generate a positive return above the cost of risk-adjusted capital. The majority of the Firm’s wholesale loan originations (primarily to IB clients) continues to be distributed into the marketplace, with residual holds by the Firm averaging less than 10%. Wholesale loans generated by CB and AWM are generally retained on the balance sheet. With regard to the prime consumer credit market, the Firm focuses on creating a portfolio that is diversified from both a product and a geographical perspective. Within the prime mortgage business, originated loans are retained on the balance sheet as well as selectively sold to government agencies; the latter category is routinely classified as held-for-sale. Credit risk organization Credit risk management is overseen by the Chief Risk Officer, a member of the Firm’s Operating Committee. The Firm’s credit risk management governance structure consists of the following primary functions: • establishes a comprehensive credit risk policy framework • calculates Allowance for credit losses and ensures appropriate credit risk- based capital management • assigns and manages credit authorities to approve all credit exposure • monitors and manages credit risk across all portfolio segments • manages criticized exposures Risk identification The Firm is exposed to credit risk through lending (e.g., loans and lending- related commitments), derivatives trading and capital markets activities. The credit risk function works in partnership with the business segments in identifying and aggregating exposure across all lines of business. Risk measurement To measure credit risk, the Firm employs several methodologies for estimating the likelihood of obligor or counterparty default. Losses generated by consumer loans are more predictable than wholesale losses, but are subject to cyclical and seasonal factors. Although the frequency of loss is higher on consumer loans than on wholesale loans, the severity of loss is typically lower and more manageable. As a result of these differences, methodologies vary depending on certain factors, including type of asset (e.g., consumer installment versus wholesale loan), risk measurement parameters (e.g., delinquency status and credit bureau score versus wholesale risk rating) and risk management and collection processes (e.g., retail collection center versus centrally managed workout groups). Credit risk measurement is based upon the amount of exposure should the obligor or the counterparty default, the probability of default and the loss severity given a default event. Based upon these factors and related market-based inputs, the Firm estimates both probable and unexpected losses for the wholesale and consumer portfolios. Probable losses, reflected in the Provision for credit losses, are generally statistically-based estimates of credit losses over time, anticipated as a result of obligor or coun- terparty default. However, probable losses are not the sole indicators of risk. If losses were entirely predictable, the probable loss rate could be factored into pricing and covered as a normal and recurring cost of doing business. Unexpected losses, reflected in the allocation of credit risk capital, represent the potential volatility of actual losses relative to the probable level of losses. (Refer to Capital management on pages 56–58 of this Annual Report for a further discussion of the credit risk capital methodology.) Risk measurement for the wholesale portfolio is assessed primarily on a risk-rated basis; for the consumer portfolio, it is assessed primarily on a credit-scored basis. Risk-rated exposure For portfolios that are risk-rated, probable and unexpected loss calculations are based upon estimates of probability of default and loss given default. Probability of default is expected default calculated on an obligor basis. Loss given default is an estimate of losses that are based upon collateral and structural support for each credit facility. Calculations and assumptions are based upon management information systems and methodologies which are under continual review. Risk ratings are assigned and reviewed on an ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and revised, if needed, to reflect the borrowers’ current risk profiles and the related collateral and structural positions. Credit-scored exposure For credit-scored portfolios (generally held in RFS and CS), probable loss is based upon a statistical analysis of inherent losses over discrete periods of time. Probable losses are estimated using sophisticated portfolio modeling, credit scoring and decision-support tools to project credit risks and establish underwriting standards. In addition, common measures of credit quality derived from historical loss experience are used to predict consumer losses. Other risk characteristics evaluated include recent loss experience in the portfolios, changes in origination sources, portfolio seasoning, loss severity and underlying credit practices, including charge-off policies. These analyses are applied to the Firm’s current portfolios in order to forecast delinquencies and severity of losses, which determine the amount of probable losses. These factors and analyses are updated on a quarterly basis. Risk monitoring The Firm has developed policies and practices that are designed to preserve the independence and integrity of decision-making and ensure credit risks are accurately assessed, properly approved, continually monitored and actively managed at both the transaction and portfolio levels. The policy framework establishes credit approval authorities, concentration limits, risk-rating methodologies, portfolio-review parameters and problem-loan management. Wholesale credit risk is continually monitored on both an aggregate portfolio level and on an individual customer basis. For consumer credit risk, the key focus items are trends and concentrations at the portfolio level, where potential problems can be remedied through changes in underwriting policies and portfolio guidelines. Consumer Credit Risk Management monitors trends against business expectations and industry benchmarks. In order to meet credit risk management objectives, the Firm seeks to maintain a risk profile that is diverse in terms of borrower, product type, industry and geographic concentration. Additional diversification of the Firm’s exposure is accomplished through loan syndication and participations, loan sales, securitizations, credit derivatives and other risk-reduction techniques. Risk reporting To enable monitoring of credit risk and decision-making, aggregate credit exposure, credit metric forecasts, hold-limit exceptions and risk profile changes are reported regularly to senior credit risk management. Detailed portfolio reporting of industry, customer and geographic concentrations occurs monthly, and the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by senior management at least on a quarterly basis. Through the risk reporting and governance structure, credit risk trends and limit exceptions are provided regularly to, and discussed with, the Operating Committee. 2005 Credit risk overview The wholesale portfolio experienced continued credit strength during 2005. Wholesale nonperforming loans were down by $582 million, or 37%, from 2004; net recoveries were $77 million compared with net charge-offs of Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 64 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report $186 million in 2004; and the allowance for credit losses decreased by $740 million, or 21%, reflecting the quality of the portfolio at this time. The Firm anticipates a return to more normal provisioning for credit losses for the wholesale portfolio in 2006. In 2005, the Firm also made significant strides in the multi-year initiative to reengineer specific components of the wholesale credit risk infrastructure. The Firm is on target to meet the goals of enhancing the timeliness and accuracy of risk and exposure information and reporting; management of credit risk in the retained portfolio; support of client relation- ships; allocation of economic capital and compliance with Basel II initiatives. Consumer credit was impacted in 2005 by two significant events, Hurricane Katrina and federal bankruptcy reform legislation. Hurricane Katrina impacted customers across all consumer businesses (and to a lesser extent CB and AWM). As a result, the consumer Allowance for loan losses was increased by $350 million ($250 million in RFS, and $100 million in CS). It is anticipated that the majority of charge-offs associated with the hurricane will be taken against the allowance in 2006. Bankruptcy reform legislation became effective on October 17, 2005. This legislation prompted a “rush to file” effect that resulted in a spike in bankruptcy filings and increased credit losses, predominantly in CS, where it is believed that $575 million in estimated bankruptcy legislation-related credit losses occurred in the fourth quarter of 2005. It is anticipated that the first half of 2006 will experience lower credit card net charge-offs, as the record levels of bankruptcy filings in the 2005 fourth quarter are believed to have included bankruptcy filings that would have occurred in 2006. With the exception of the events noted above, the 2005 underlying credit performance, which was driven by favorable loss severity performance in residential real estate, continued to be strong. CS continues to quantify and refine the impact associated with changes in the FFIEC minimum- payment requirements. Actual implementation of the new payment requirements began in late 2005 and will run through early 2006; CS anticipates higher net charge-offs during the second half of 2006 as a result. In 2005, the Firm continued to grow the consumer loan portfolio, focusing on businesses providing the most appropriate risk/reward relationship while keeping within the Firm’s desired risk tolerance. During the past year, the Firm continued a de-emphasis of vehicle leasing and sold its $2 billion recreational vehicle portfolio. Continued growth in most core consumer lending products (residential real estate, credit cards and small business) reflected a focus on the prime credit quality segment of the market. Total credit portfolio Nonperforming Average annual As of or for the year ended December 31 , Credit exposure assets (i) Net charge-offs net charge-off rate (k) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2005 2004 2005 2004(h) 2005 2004(h) Total credit portfolio Loans – reported (a) $ 419,148 $ 402,114 $ 2,343 (j) $ 2,743 (j) $ 3,819 $ 3,099 1.00% 1.08% Loans – securitized (b) 70,527 70,795 — — 3,776 2,898 5.47 5.51 Total managed loans (c) 489,675 472,909 2,343 2,743 7,595 5,997 1.68 1.76 Derivative receivables (d) 49,787 65,982 50 241 NA NA NA NA Interests in purchased receivables 29,740 31,722 — — NA NA NA NA Total managed credit-related assets 569,202 570,613 2,393 2,984 7,595 5,997 1.68 1.76 Lending-related commitments(e) 979,360 910,595 NA NA NA NA NA NA Assets acquired in loan satisfactions NA NA 197 247 NA NA NA NA Total credit portfolio $ 1,548,562 $1,481,208 $ 2,590 $ 3,231 $ 7,595 $ 5,997 1.68% 1.76% Credit derivative hedges notional (f) $ (29,882) $ (37,200) $ (17) $ (15) NA NA NA NA Collateral held against derivatives (6,000) (9,301) NA NA NA NA NA NA Held-for-sale Total average HFS loans $ 27,689 $ 20,860 (h) NA NA NA NA NA NA Nonperforming – purchased (g) 341 351 NA NA NA NA NA NA (a) Loans are presented net of unearned income of $3.0 billion and $4.1 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (b) Represents securitized credit card receivables. For a further discussion of credit card securitizations, see Card Services on pages 45–46 of this Annual Report. (c) Past-due 90 days and over and accruing include loans of $1.1 billion and $998 million, and related credit card securitization s of $730 million and $1.3 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (d) Reflects net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements of $27 billion and $32 billion as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (e) Includes wholesale unused advised lines of credit totaling $28.3 billion and $22.8 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, resp ectively, which are not legally binding. In regulatory filings with the Federal Reserve Board, unused advised lines are not reportable. Credit card lending-related commitments of $579 billion and $532 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, represents the total available credit to its cardholders; however, the Firm can reduce or cancel these commitments at any time as permitted by law. (f) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold of single-name and portfolio credit derivatives used to manage the credit risk of credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133. (g) Represents distressed HFS wholesale loans purchased as part of IB’s proprietary activities, which are excluded from nonperfo rming assets. (h) Includes six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (i) Includes nonperforming HFS loans of $136 million and $15 million as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (j) Excludes nonperforming assets related to loans eligible for repurchase as well as loans repurchased from GNMA pools that are insured by government agencies of $1.1 billion and $1.5 billion for December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. These amounts are excluded, as reimbursement is proceeding normally. (k) Net charge-off rates exclude average loans HFS. The following table presents JPMorgan Chase’s credit portfolio as of December 31, 2005 and 2004. Total credit exposure at December 31, 2005, increased by $67 billion from December 31, 2004, reflecting an increase of $11 billion in the wholesale credit portfolio and $56 billion in the consumer credit portfolio. The significant majority of the consumer portfolio increase, Credit portfolio or $54 billion, was primarily from growth in lending-related commitments. In the table below, reported loans include all HFS loans, which are carried at the lower of cost or fair value with changes in value recorded in Other income. However, these HFS loans are excluded from the average loan balances used for the net charge-off rate calculations. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 65 Wholesale credit portfolio As of December 31, 2005, wholesale exposure (IB, CB, TSS and AWM) increased by $11 billion from December 31, 2004. Increases in Loans and lending-related commitments were offset partially by reductions in Derivative receivables and Interests in purchased receivables. As described on pages 36–37 of this Annual Report, the increase in Loans was primarily in the IB, Wholesale Nonperforming Average annual As of or for the year ended December 31, Credit exposure assets (g) Net charge-offs net charge-off rate (i) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2005 2004 2005 2004(f) 2005 2004(f) Loans – reported (a) $ 150,111 $ 135,067 $ 992 $ 1,574 $ (77) $ 186 (0.06)% 0.18% Derivative receivables (b) 49,787 65,982 50 241 NA NA NA NA Interests in purchased receivables 29,740 31,722 — — NA NA NA NA Total wholesale credit-related assets 229,638 232,771 1,042 1,815 (77) 186 (0.06) 0.18 Lending-related commitments(c) 323,764 309,399 NA NA NA NA NA NA Assets acquired in loan satisfactions NA NA 17 23 NA NA NA NA Total wholesale credit exposure $ 553,402 $ 542,170 $ 1,059 $ 1,838 $ (77) (h) $ 186 (0.06)% 0.18% Credit derivative hedges notional (d) $ (29,882) $ (37,200) $ (17) $ (15) NA NA NA NA Collateral held against derivatives (6,000) (9,301) NA NA NA NA NA NA Held-for-sale Total average HFS loans $ 12,014 $ 6,124 (f) NA NA NA NA NA NA Nonperforming – purchased (e) 341 351 NA NA NA NA NA NA (a) Past-due 90 days and over and accruing include loans of $50 million and $8 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively . (b) Reflects net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements of $27 billion and $32 billion as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (c) Includes unused advised lines of credit totaling $28.3 billion and $22.8 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, w hich are not legally binding. In regulatory filings with the Federal Reserve Board, unused advised lines are not reportable. (d) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold of single-name and portfolio credit derivatives used to manage the credit risk of credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133. (e) Represents distressed HFS loans purchased as part of IB’s proprietary activities, which are excluded from nonperforming asse ts. (f) Includes six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (g) Includes nonperforming HFS loans of $109 million and $2 million as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (h) Excludes $67 million in gains on sales of nonperforming loans in 2005; for additional information, see page 67 of this Annual Report. (i) Net charge-off rates exclude average loans HFS. reflecting an increase in loans held-for-sale related to securitization and syndication activities and growth in the IB credit portfolio. The increase in lending-related commitments was mostly due to CB activity. The decrease in Derivative receivables was due primarily to the appreciation of the U.S. dollar and higher interest rates, partially offset by rising commodity prices. Wholesale exposure Maturity profile(c) Ratings profile At December 31, 2005 Investment-grade (“IG”)(d) Noninvestment-grade(d) Total % (in billions, except ratios) <1 year (d) 1–5 years(d) > 5 years(d) Total AAA to BBB- BB+ & below Total of IG (d) Loans 43% 44% 13% 100% $ 87 $ 45 $ 132 66% Derivative receivables 2 42 56 100 42 8 50 84 Interests in purchased receivables 41 57 2 100 29 — 29 100 Lending-related commitments 37 56 7 100 276 48 324 85 Total excluding HFS 36% 52% 12% 100% $ 434 $ 101 535 81% Held-for-sale(a) 18 Total exposure $ 553 Credit derivative hedges notional(b) 15% 74% 11% 100% $ (27) $ (3) $ (30) 90% Maturity profile(c) Ratings profile At December 31, 2004 Investment-grade (“IG”)(d) Noninvestment-grade(d) Total % (in billions, except ratios) <1 year (d) 1–5 years(d) > 5 years(d) Total AAA to BBB- BB+ & below Total of IG (d) Loans 44% 43% 13% 100% $ 83 $ 46 $ 129 64% Derivative receivables 19 39 42 100 57 9 66 86 Interests in purchased receivables 37 61 2 100 32 — 32 100 Lending-related commitments 46 52 2 100 266 43 309 86 Total excluding HFS 42% 49% 9% 100% $ 438 $ 98 536 82% Held-for-sale(a) 6 Total exposure $ 542 Credit derivative hedges notional(b) 18% 77% 5% 100% $ (35) $ (2) $ (37) 95% (a) HFS loans primarily relate to securitization and syndication activities. (b) Ratings are based upon the underlying referenced assets. (c) The maturity profile of Loans and lending-related commitments is based upon the remaining contractual maturity. The maturity profile of Derivative receivables is based upon the maturity profile of Average exposure. See page 68 of this Annual Report for a further discussion of Average exposure. (d) Excludes HFS loans. Below are summaries of the maturity and ratings profiles of the wholesale portfolio as of December 31, 2005 and 2004. The ratings scale is based upon the Firm’s internal risk ratings and is presented on an S&P-equivalent basis. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 66 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report At December 31, 2005, the percentage of the investment-grade wholesale exposure, excluding HFS, remained relatively unchanged from December 31, 2004. Derivative receivables of less than one year decreased as a result of the appreciation of the U.S. dollar on short-dated foreign exchange (“FX”) contracts. The percentage of derivative exposure greater than 5 years increased from 42% to 56% at year-end 2005, primarily as a result of the reduction in shorter-dated exposure. Collateral Noninvestment-grade held against As of December 31, 2005 Credit Investment Net charge-offs/ Credit derivative (in millions, except ratios) exposure (d) grade Noncriticized Criticized (recoveries) derivative hedges (e) receivables(d) Top 10 industries (a) Banks and finance companies $ 53,579 88% $ 6,462 $ 232 $ (16) $ (9,490) $ (1,482) Real estate 29,974 55 13,226 276 — (560) (2) Consumer products 25,678 71 6,791 590 2 (927) (28) Healthcare 25,435 79 4,977 243 12 (581) (7) State and municipal governments (b) 25,328 98 409 40 — (597) (1) Utilities 20,482 90 1,841 295 (4) (1,624) — Retail and consumer services (b) 19,920 75 4,654 288 12 (989) (5) Oil and gas 18,200 77 4,267 9 — (1,007) — Asset managers 17,358 82 2,949 103 (1) (25) (954) Securities firms and exchanges 17,094 89 1,833 15 — (2,009) (1,525) All other 282,802 82 47,966 3,081 (82) (12,073) (1,996) Total excluding HFS $ 535,850 81% $ 95,375 $ 5,172 $ (77) $ (29,882) $ (6,000) Held-for-sale (c) 17,552 Total exposure $ 553,402 Collateral Noninvestment-grade held against As of December 31, 2004 Credit Investment Net charge-offs/ Credit derivative (in millions, except ratios) exposure (d) grade Noncriticized Criticized (recoveries) derivative hedges (e) receivables(d) Top 10 industries(a) Banks and finance companies $ 55,840 90% $ 5,348 $ 187 $ 6 $ (11,695) $ (3,464) Real estate 25,761 62 9,036 765 9 (800) (45) Consumer products 21,251 68 6,267 479 85 (1,189) (50) Healthcare 21,890 79 4,321 249 1 (741) (13) State and municipal governments 19,728 97 592 14 — (394) (18) Utilities 21,132 85 2,316 890 63 (2,247) (27) Retail and consumer services 21,573 76 4,815 393 — (1,767) (42) Oil and gas 14,420 81 2,713 51 9 (1,282) (26) Asset managers 20,199 79 4,192 115 (15) (80) (655) Securities firms and exchanges 18,034 88 2,218 17 1 (1,398) (2,068) All other 295,902 82 48,150 5,122 27 (15,607) (2,893) Total excluding HFS $ 535,730 82% $ 89,968 $ 8,282 $ 186 $ (37,200) $ (9,301) Held-for-sale (c) 6,440 Total exposure $ 542,170 (a) Based upon December 31, 2005, determination of Top 10 industries. (b) During the second quarter of 2005, the Firm revised its industry classification for educational institutions to better reflect risk correlations and enhance the Firm’s management of industry risk, resulting in an increase to State and municipal governments and a decrease to Retail and consumer services. (c) HFS loans primarily relate to securitization and syndication activities. (d) Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of credit derivative hedges and collateral held again st derivative receivables or loans. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, collateral held against derivative receivables excludes $27 billion and $32 billion, respectively, of cash collateral as a result of the Fir m electing to report the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements. (e) Represents notional amounts only; these credit derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133. Wholesale credit exposure – selected industry concentration The Firm continues to focus on the management and diversification of industry concentrations, with particular attention paid to industries with actual or poten- tial credit concerns. As of December 31, 2005, the top 10 industries remained predominantly unchanged from year-end 2004, with the exception of Oil and gas, which replaced Media. Below are summaries of the top 10 industry con- centrations as of December 31, 2005 and 2004. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 67 • Banks and finance companies: This industry group, primarily consisting of exposure to commercial banks, is the largest segment of the Firm’s wholesale credit portfolio. Credit quality is high, as 88% of the exposure in this category is rated investment-grade. • Real estate: This industry, the second largest segment of the Firm’s whole- sale credit portfolio, grew modestly in 2005, as the portfolio continued to benefit from relatively low interest rates, high liquidity and increased capital demand. The exposure is well-diversified by client, transaction type, geography and property type. • Oil and gas: During 2005, exposure to this industry group increased as a result of the rise in oil and gas prices; derivative receivables MTM increased on contracts that were executed at lower price levels. In addition, the Firm extended shorter term loans that were expected to be refinanced through capital market transactions and further syndications. • Media: Criticized exposures within Media increased in 2005, and this industry now represents the largest percentage of the total criticized portfolio. The increase was attributable primarily to the extension of short-term financings to select borrowers. The remaining Media portfolio is stable, with the majority of the exposure rated investment-grade. • Automotive: In 2005, Automotive original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) and suppliers based in North America were negatively affected by a challenging operating environment. As a result, criticized exposures to the Automotive industry grew, primarily as a result of downgrades to select names within the portfolio. However, though larger in the aggregate, most of the criticized exposure remains undrawn and performing. • All other: All other in the wholesale credit exposure concentration table at December 31, 2005, excluding HFS, included $283 billion of credit exposure to 21 industry segments. Exposures related to SPEs and high-net-worth individuals totaled 45% of this category. SPEs provide secured financing (generally backed by receivables, loans or bonds on a bankruptcy-remote, non-recourse or limited-recourse basis) originated by companies in a diverse group of industries that are not highly correlated. The remaining All other exposure is well diversified across other industries; none comprise more than 3% of total exposure. Derivative contracts In the normal course of business, the Firm utilizes derivative instruments to meet the needs of customers, to generate revenues through trading activities, to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, currencies and other markets and to manage its own credit risk. The Firm uses the same credit risk management procedures as those used for its traditional lending activities to assess and approve potential credit exposures when entering into derivative transactions. Wholesale criticized exposure Exposures deemed criticized generally represent a ratings profile similar to a rating of CCC+/Caa1 and lower, as defined by Standard & Poor’s/Moody’s. The criticized component of the portfolio decreased to $5.2 billion (excluding HFS) at December 31, 2005, from $8.3 billion at year-end 2004, reflecting strong credit quality, refinancings and gross charge-offs. Also contributing to the decline was a refinement in methodology in the first quarter of 2005 to align the ratings methodologies of the heritage firms. At December 31, 2005, Automotive, Telecom services and Retail and consumer services moved into the top 10 of wholesale criticized exposure, replacing Chemicals/plastics, Business services and Metals/mining industries. Wholesale nonperforming assets Wholesale nonperforming assets (excluding purchased held-for-sale wholesale loans) decreased by $779 million from $1.8 billion at December 31, 2004, as a result of loan sales, repayments and gross charge-offs. For full year 2005, wholesale net recoveries were $77 million compared with net charge-offs of $186 million in 2004, primarily due to lower gross charge-offs. The net recovery rate for full year 2005 was 0.06% compared with a net charge-off rate of 0.18% for the prior year. Net charge-offs do not include $67 million of gains from sales of nonperforming loans that were sold during 2005 to a counter- party other than the original borrower. When it is determined that a loan will be sold it is transferred into a held-for-sale account. Held-for-sale loans are accounted for at lower of cost or fair value, with changes in value recorded in other revenue. Wholesale criticized exposure – industry concentrations 2005 2004 As of December 31, Credit % of Credit % of (in millions) exposure portfolio exposure portfolio Media $ 684 13.2% $ 509 6.1% Automotive 643 12.4 359 4.4 Consumer products 590 11.4 479 5.8 Telecom services 430 8.3 275 3.3 Airlines 333 6.5 450 5.4 Utilities 295 5.7 890 10.7 Machinery and equipment manufacturing 290 5.6 459 5.6 Retail and consumer services 288 5.6 393 4.8 Real estate 276 5.4 765 9.2 Building materials/construction 266 5.1 430 5.2 All other 1,077 20.8 3,273 39.5 Total excluding HFS $ 5,172 100.0% $ 8,282 100.0% Held-for-sale (a) 1,069 2 Total $ 6,241 $ 8,284 (a) HFS loans primarily relate to securitization and syndication activities; excludes purchased nonperforming HFS loans. Wholesale selected industry discussion Presented below is a discussion of several industries to which the Firm has significant exposure and which it continues to monitor because of actual or potential credit concerns. For additional information, refer to the tables above and on the preceding page. Notional amounts and derivative receivables marked to market (“MTM”) Notional amounts (a) Derivative receivables MTM As of December 31, (in billions) 2005 2004 2005 2004 Interest rate $ 38,493 $ 37,022 $3 0 $4 6 Foreign exchange 2,136 1,886 3 8 Equity 458 434 6 6 Credit derivatives 2,241 1,071 4 3 Commodity 265 101 7 3 Total $ 43,593 $ 40,514 50 66 Collateral held against derivative receivables NA NA (6) (9) Exposure net of collateral NA NA $4 4 (b) $5 7 (c) (a) The notional amounts represent the gross sum of long and short third-party notional derivative contracts, excluding written options and foreign exchange spot contracts, which significantly exceed the possible credit losses that could arise from such transactions. For most derivative transactions, the notional principal amou nt does not change hands; it is used simply as a reference to calculate payments. (b) The Firm held $33 billion of collateral against derivative receivables as of December 31, 2005, consisting of $27 billion in net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements, and $6 billion of other liquid securities collateral. The benefit of the $27 billion is reflected within the $50 billion of derivative receivables MTM. Excluded from the $33 billion of collateral is $10 billion of collateral delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions; this collateral secures exposure that could arise in the derivatives portfolio should the MTM of the client’s transactions move in the Firm’s favor. Also excluded are credit enhancements in the form of letters of credit and surety receiva bles. (c) The Firm held $41 billion of collateral against derivative receivables as of December 31, 2004, consisting of $32 billion in net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements, and $9 billion of other liquid securities collateral. The benefit of the $32 billion is reflected within the $66 billion of derivative receivables MTM. Excluded from the $41 billion of collateral is $10 billion of collateral delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions; this collateral secures exposure that could arise in the derivatives portfolio should the MTM of the client’s transactions move in the Firm’s favor. Also excluded are credit enhancements in the form of letters of credit and surety receiva bles. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 68 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 0 $10 $20 $30 $40 $50 $60 $70 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years MDP AVGAVGDREDRE Exposure profile of derivatives measures December 31, 2005 (in billions) $44 The following table summarizes the aggregate notional amounts and the reported derivative receivables (i.e., the MTM or fair val ue of the derivative contracts after taking into account the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements) at each of the dates indicated: The MTM of derivative receivables contracts represents the cost to replace the contracts at current market rates should the counterparty default. When JPMorgan Chase has more than one transaction outstanding with a counter- party, and a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists with that counterparty, the netted MTM exposure, less collateral held, represents, in the Firm’s view, the appropriate measure of current credit risk. While useful as a current view of credit exposure, the net MTM value of the derivative receivables does not capture the potential future variability of that credit exposure. To capture the potential future variability of credit exposure, the Firm calculates, on a client-by-client basis, three measures of potential derivatives-related credit loss: Peak, Derivative Risk Equivalent (“DRE”) and Average exposure (“AVG”). These measures all incorporate netting and collateral benefits, where applicable. Peak exposure to a counterparty is an extreme measure of exposure calculated at a 97.5% confidence level. However, the total potential future credit risk embedded in the Firm’s derivatives portfolio is not the simple sum of all Peak client credit risks. This is because, at the portfolio level, credit risk is reduced by the fact that when offsetting transactions are done with separate counter- parties, only one of the two trades can generate a credit loss, even if both counterparties were to default simultaneously. The Firm refers to this effect as market diversification, and the Market-Diversified Peak (“MDP”) measure is a portfolio aggregation of counterparty Peak measures, representing the maximum losses at the 97.5% confidence level that would occur if all coun- terparties defaulted under any one given market scenario and time frame. Derivative Risk Equivalent (“DRE”) exposure is a measure that expresses the riskiness of derivative exposure on a basis intended to be equivalent to the riskiness of loan exposures. The measurement is done by equating the unexpected loss in a derivative counterparty exposure (which takes into consideration both the loss volatility and the credit rating of the counterparty) with the unexpected loss in a loan exposure (which takes into consideration only the credit rating of the counterparty). DRE is a less extreme measure of potential credit loss than Peak and is the primary measure used by the Firm for credit approval of derivative transactions. Finally, Average exposure (“AVG”) is a measure of the expected MTM value of the Firm’s derivative receivables at future time periods, including the benefit of collateral. AVG exposure over the total life of the derivative contract is used as the primary metric for pricing purposes and is used to calculate credit capital and the Credit Valuation Adjustment (“CVA”), as further described below. Average exposure was $36 billion and $38 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, compared with derivative receivables MTM net of other highly liquid collateral of $44 billion and $57 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The graph below shows exposure profiles to derivatives over the next 10 years as calculated by the MDP , DRE and AVG metrics. All three measures generally show declining exposure after the first year, if no new trades were added to the portfolio. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 69 The Firm actively pursues the use of collateral agreements to mitigate counterparty credit risk in derivatives. The percentage of the Firm’s derivatives transactions subject to collateral agreements increased slightly, to 81% as of December 31, 2005, from 79% at December 31, 2004. The Firm posted $27 billion and $31 billion of collateral as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Certain derivative and collateral agreements include provisions that require the counterparty and/or the Firm, upon specified downgrades in their respective credit ratings, to post collateral for the benefit of the other party. As of December 31, 2005, the impact of a single-notch ratings downgrade to JPMorgan Chase Bank, from its current rating of AA- to A+, would have been an additional $1.4 billion of collateral posted by the Firm; the impact of a six-notch ratings downgrade (from AA- to BBB-) would have been $3.8 billion of additional collateral. Certain derivative contracts also provide for termination of the contract, generally upon a downgrade of either the Firm or the counterparty, at the then-existing MTM value of the derivative contracts. Credit derivatives The following table presents the Firm’s notional amounts of credit derivatives protection purchased and sold by the respective businesses as of December 31, 2005 and 2004: Credit derivatives positions Notional amount Portfolio management Dealer/client December 31, Protection Protection Protection Protection (in billions) purchased (a) sold purchased sold Total 2005 $ 31 $ 1 $ 1,096 $ 1,113 $ 2,241 2004 37 — 501 533 1,071 (a) Includes $848 million and $2 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, of portfolio credit derivatives. In managing wholesale credit exposure, the Firm purchases single-name and portfolio credit derivatives; this activity does not reduce the reported level of assets on the balance sheet or the level of reported off-balance sheet commitments. The Firm also diversifies exposures by providing (i.e., selling) credit protection, which increases exposure to industries or clients where the Firm has little or no client-related exposure. This activity is not material to the Firm’s overall credit exposure. The following table summarizes the ratings profile of the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets Derivative receivables MTM, net of cash and other liquid securities collateral, for the dates indicated: Ratings profile of derivative receivables MTM Rating equivalent 2005 2004 December 31, Exposure net % of exposure Exposure net % of exposure (in millions) of collateral (a) net of collateral of collateral (b) net of collateral AAA to AA- $ 20,735 48% $ 30,384 53% A+ to A- 8,074 18 9,109 16 BBB+ to BBB- 8,243 19 9,522 17 BB+ to B- 6,580 15 7,271 13 CCC+ and below 155 — 395 1 Total $ 43,787 100% $ 56,681 100% (a) The Firm held $33 billion of collateral against derivative receivables as of December 31, 2005, consisting of $27 billion in net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements, and $6 billion of other liquid securities collateral. The benefit of the $27 billion is reflected within the $50 billion of derivative receivables MTM. Excluded from the $33 billion of collateral is $10 billion of collateral delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions; this collateral secures exposure that could arise in the derivatives portfolio should the MTM of the client’s transactions move in the Firm’s favor. Also excluded are credit enhancements in the form of letters of credit and surety receiva bles. (b) The Firm held $41 billion of collateral against derivative receivables as of December 31, 2004, consisting of $32 billion in net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements, and $9 billion of other liquid securities collateral. The benefit of the $32 billion is reflected within the $66 billion of derivative receivables MTM. Excluded from the $41 billion of collateral is $10 billion of collateral delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions; this collateral secures exposure that could arise in the derivatives portfolio should the MTM of the client’s transactions move in the Firm’s favor. Also excluded are credit enhancements in the form of letters of credit and surety receiva bles. The MTM value of the Firm’s derivative receivables incorporates an adjustment, the CVA, to reflect the credit quality of counterparties. The CVA is based upon the Firm’s AVG exposure to a counterparty and the counterparty’s credit spread in the credit derivatives market. The primary components of changes in CVA are credit spreads, new deal activity or unwinds, and changes in the underlying market environment. The Firm believes that active risk management is essential to controlling the dynamic credit risk in the derivatives portfolio. The Firm risk manages exposure to changes in CVA by entering into credit derivative transactions, as well as interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and commodity derivative transactions. The MTM value of the Firm’s derivative payables does not incorporate a valuation adjustment to reflect JPMorgan Chase’s credit quality. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 70 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report JPMorgan Chase has limited counterparty exposure as a result of credit derivatives transactions. Of the $50 billion of total Derivative receivables at December 31, 2005, approximately $4 billion, or 8%, was associated with credit derivatives, before the benefit of liquid securities collateral. Dealer/client At December 31, 2005, the total notional amount of protection purchased and sold in the dealer/client business increased $1.2 trillion from year-end 2004 as a result of increased trade volume in the market. This business has a mismatch between the total notional amounts of protection purchased and sold. However, in the Firm’s view, the risk positions are largely matched when securities used to risk manage certain derivative positions are taken into consideration and the notional amounts are adjusted to a duration-based equivalent basis or to reflect different degrees of subordination in tranched structures. Use of single-name and portfolio credit derivatives December 31, Notional amount of protection purchased (in millions) 2005 2004 Credit derivatives used to manage: Loans and lending-related commitments $ 18,926 $ 25,002 Derivative receivables 12,088 12,235 Total $ 31,014 $ 37,237 Credit portfolio management activities The credit derivatives used by JPMorgan Chase for portfolio management activities do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133, and therefore, effectiveness testing under SFAS 133 is not performed. These derivatives are reported at fair value, with gains and losses recognized as Trading revenue. The MTM value incorporates both the cost of credit derivative premiums and changes in value due to movement in spreads and credit events; in contrast, the loans and lending-related commitments being risk-managed are accounted for on an accrual basis. Loan interest and fees are generally recognized in Net interest income, and impairment is recognized in the Provision for credit losses. This asymmetry in accounting treatment, between loans and lending- related commitments and the credit derivatives utilized in portfolio management activities, causes earnings volatility that is not representative, in the Firm’s view, of the true changes in value of the Firm’s overall credit exposure. The MTM related to the Firm’s credit derivatives used for managing credit exposure, as well as the mark related to the CVA, which reflects the credit quality of derivatives counterparty exposure, are included in the table below: For the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004(c) Hedges of lending-related commitments (a) $2 4 $ (234) CVA and hedges of CVA (a) 84 188 Net gains (losses) (b) $ 108 $ (46) (a) These hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133. (b) Excludes $8 million and $52 million in 2005 and 2004, respectively, of other credit portfolio trading results that are not associated with hedging activities. (c) Includes six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. The Firm also actively manages wholesale credit exposure through loan and commitment sales. During 2005 and 2004, the Firm sold $4.0 billion and $5.9 billion of loans and commitments, respectively, recognizing gains of $76 million and losses of $8 million in 2005 and 2004, respectively. These activities are not related to the Firm’s securitization activities, which are undertaken for liquidity and balance sheet management purposes. For a further discussion of securitization activity, see Note 13 on pages 108–111 of this Annual Report. Lending-related commitments The contractual amount of wholesale lending-related commitments was $324 billion at December 31, 2005, compared with $309 billion at December 31, 2004. In the Firm’s view, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not representative of the Firm’s actual credit risk exposure or funding requirements. In determining the amount of credit risk exposure the Firm has to wholesale lending-related commitments, which is used as the basis for allocating credit risk capital to these instruments, the Firm has established a “loan-equivalent” amount for each commitment; this amount represents the portion of the unused commitment or other contingent expo- sure that is expected, based upon average portfolio historical experience, to become outstanding in the event of a default by an obligor. The loan equivalent amount of the Firm’s lending-related commitments as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, was $178 billion and $162 billion, respectively. Country exposure The Firm has a comprehensive process for measuring and managing exposures and risk in emerging markets countries – defined as those countries potentially vulnerable to sovereign events. Exposures to a country include all credit-related lending, trading, and investment activities, whether cross-border or locally funded. Exposure amounts are adjusted for credit enhancements (e.g., guarantees and letters of credit) provided by third parties located outside the country, if the enhancements fully cover the country risk as well as the business risk. As of December 31, 2005, the Firm’s exposure to any individual emerging markets country was not material. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 71 Consumer credit portfolio JPMorgan Chase’s consumer portfolio consists primarily of residential mortgages and home equity loans, credit cards, auto and education financings and loans to small businesses. The domestic consumer portfolio reflects the benefit of diversification from both a product and a geographical perspective. The primary focus is on serving the prime consumer credit market. The following table presents managed consumer credit–related information for the dates indicated: Consumer portfolio Credit Nonperforming Average annual As of or for the year ended December 31, exposure assets (g) Net charge-offs net charge-off rate (i) (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2005 2004 2005 2004(f) 2005 2004(f) Consumer real estate Home finance – Home equity and other (a) $ 76,727 $ 67,837 $ 422 $ 416 $ 129 $ 554 0.18% 1.18% Home finance – Mortgage 56,726 56,816 441 257 25 19 0.05 0.05 Total Home finance (a) 133,453 124,653 863(h) 673(h) 154 573 0.13 0.65 Auto & education finance (b) 49,047 62,712 195 193 277 263 0.54 0.52 Consumer & small business and other 14,799 15,107 280 295 141 154 0.98 1.64 Credit card receivables – reported (c) 71,738 64,575 13 8 3,324 1,923 4.94 4.95 Total consumer loans – reported 269,037 267,047 1,351 1,169 3,896 2,913 1.56 1.56 Credit card securitizations (c)(d) 70,527 70,795 — — 3,776 2,898 5.47 5.51 Total consumer loans – managed (c) 339,564 337,842 1,351 1,169 7,672 5,811 2.41 2.43 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions NA NA 180 224 NA NA NA NA Total consumer related assets – managed 339,564 337,842 1,531 1,393 7,672 5,811 2.41 2.43 Consumer lending–related commitments: Home finance 65,106 53,223 NA NA NA NA NA NA Auto & education finance 5,732 5,193 NA NA NA NA NA NA Consumer & small business and other 5,437 10,312 NA NA NA NA NA NA Credit card (e) 579,321 532,468 NA NA NA NA NA NA Total lending-related commitments 655,596 601,196 NA NA NA NA NA NA Total consumer credit portfolio $ 995,160 $ 939,038 $1,531 $ 1,393 $ 7,672 $ 5,811 2.41% 2.43% Total average HFS loans $ 15,675 $ 14,736 (f) NA NA NA NA NA NA Memo: Credit card – managed 142,265 135,370 $1 3 $8 $ 7,100 $ 4,821 5.21% 5.27% (a) Includes $406 million of charge-offs related to the manufactured home loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2004. (b) Excludes operating lease-related assets of $858 million for December 31, 2005. Balances at December 31, 2004, were insignificant . (c) Past-due loans 90 days and over and accruing includes credit card receivables of $1.1 billion and $998 million, and related c redit card securitizations of $730 million and $1.3 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (d) Represents securitized credit cards. For a further discussion of credit card securitizations, see Card Services on pages 45–46 of this Annual Report. (e) The credit card lending-related commitments represent the total available credit to the Firm’s cardholders. The Firm has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all of its cardholders will exercise their entire available line of credit at any given point in time. The Firm can reduce or cancel a credit card commitmen t by providing the cardholder prior notice or without notice as permitted by law. (f) Includes six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (g) Includes nonperforming HFS loans of $27 million and $13 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (h) Excludes nonperforming assets related to loans eligible for repurchase as well as loans repurchased from GNMA pools that are insured by government agencies of $1.1 billion and $1.5 billion for December 31, 2005, and December 31, 2004, respectively. These amounts are excluded, as reimbursement is proceeding normally. (i) Net charge-off rates exclude average loans HFS. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 72 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Total managed consumer loans at December 31, 2005, were $340 billion, up from $338 billion at year-end 2004. Consumer lending–related commitments increased by 9% to $656 billion at December 31, 2005, reflecting growth in credit cards and home equity lines of credit. The following discussion relates to the specific loan and lending-related categories within the consumer portfolio. Retail Financial Services Average RFS loan balances for 2005 were $198 billion. New loans originated in 2005 reflect high credit quality consistent with management’s focus on the prime credit market segment. The net charge-off rate for retail loans in 2005 was 0.31%, a decrease of 36 basis points from 2004. This decrease was attributable primarily to $406 million of charge-offs in the fourth quarter of 2004 associated with the sale of the $4.0 billion manufactured home loan portfolio. Excluding these charge-offs, the net charge-off rate would have improved eight basis points. Home Finance: Home finance loans on the balance sheet at December 31, 2005, were $133 billion. This amount consisted of $77 billion of home equity and other loans and $56 billion of mortgages, including mortgage loans held-for-sale. Home finance receivables as of December 31, 2005, reflect an increase of $9 billion from year-end 2004 driven by growth in the home equity portfolio. Home Finance provides consumer real estate lending to the full spectrum of credit borrowers, including $15 billion in sub-prime credits at December 31, 2005. Home Finance does not offer mortgage products that result in negative amortization but does offer mortgages with interest-only payment options to predominantly prime borrowers. The geographic distribution of outstanding consumer real estate loans is well diversified as shown in the table below. Consumer real estate loan portfolio by geographic location December 31, 2005 2004 (in billions) Outstanding % Outstanding % Top 10 U.S. States California $ 24.4 18% $ 22.8 18% New York 19.5 15 18.4 15 Florida 10.3 8 7.1 6 Illinois 7.7 6 8.0 6 Texas 7.6 6 7.9 6 Ohio 6.1 5 6.1 5 Arizona 5.8 4 5.2 4 New Jersey 5.3 4 4.5 4 Michigan 5.2 4 5.2 4 Colorado 3.2 2 3.2 3 Total Top 10 95.1 72 88.4 71 Other 38.4 28 36.3 29 Total $ 133.5 100% $ 124.7 100% Auto & Education Finance: As of December 31, 2005, Auto & education finance loans decreased to $49 billion from $63 billion at year-end 2004. The decrease in outstanding loans was caused primarily by a difficult auto lending market in 2005, $3.8 billion in securitizations, the sale of the $2.0 billion recreational vehicle portfolio and the de-emphasis of vehicle leasing, which comprised $4.4 billion of outstanding loans as of December 31, 2005. It is anticipated that over time vehicle leases will account for a smaller share of balance sheet receivables and exposure. The Auto & Education loan portfolio reflects a high concentration of prime quality credits. Consumer & Small Business and other: As of December 31, 2005, Small business & other consumer loans remained relatively stable at $14.8 billion compared with 2004 year-end levels of $15.1 billion. The portfolio reflects highly collateralized loans, often with personal loan guarantees. Card Services JPMorgan Chase analyzes the credit card portfolio on a managed basis, which includes credit card receivables on the consolidated balance sheet and those receivables sold to investors through securitization. Managed credit card receivables were $142 billion at December 31, 2005, an increase of $7 billion from year-end 2004, reflecting solid growth in the business as well as the addition of $2.2 billion of receivables as a result of the acquisition of the Sears Canada credit card business. Consumer credit quality trends remained stable despite the effects of increased losses due to bankruptcy legislation, which became effective October 17, 2005. The managed credit card net charge-off rate decreased to 5.21% in 2005 from 5.27% in 2004. The 30-day delinquency rates declined significantly to 2.79% in 2005 from 3.70% in 2004, primarily driven by accelerated loss recognition of delinquent accounts as a result of the bankruptcy reform legislation and strong underlying credit quality. The managed credit card portfolio continues to reflect a well-seasoned portfolio that has good U.S. geographic diversification. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 73 Summary of changes in the allowance for credit losses For the year ended December 31, 2005 2004(e) (in millions) Wholesale Consumer Total Wholesale Consumer Total Loans: Beginning balance at January 1, $ 3,098 $ 4,222 $ 7,320 $ 2,204 $ 2,319 $ 4,523 Addition resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 —— — 1,788 1,335 3,123 Gross charge-offs (255) (4,614) (4,869) (543) (3,262) (3,805) Gross recoveries 332 718 1,050 357 349 706 Net (charge-offs) recoveries 77 (3,896) (3,819) (186) (2,913) (3,099) Provision for loan losses: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity (716) 4,291 3,575 (c) (605) 2,403 1,798 Accounting policy conformity —— — (103) 1,188 (f) 1,085 Total Provision for loan losses (716) 4,291 3,575 (708) 3,591 2,883 Other (6) 20 14 — (110) (110) (g) Ending balance $ 2,453 (a) $ 4,637 (b) $ 7,090 $ 3,098 (a) $ 4,222 (b) $ 7,320 Components: Asset specific $ 203 $ — $ 203 $ 469 $ — $ 469 Statistical component 1,629 3,422 5,051 1,639 3,169 4,808 Adjustment to statistical component 621 1,215 1,836 990 1,053 2,043 Total Allowance for loan losses $ 2,453 $ 4,637 $ 7,090 $ 3,098 $ 4,222 $ 7,320 Lending-related commitments: Beginning balance at January 1, $ 480 $ 12 $ 492 $ 320 $ 4 $ 324 Addition resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 —— — 499 9 508 Provision for lending-related commitments: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity (95) 3 (92) (111) (1) (112) Accounting policy conformity —— — (227) — (227) Total Provision for lending-related commitments (95) 3 (92) (338) (1) (339) Other —— — (1) — (1) Ending balance $ 385 $ 15 $ 400 (d) $ 480 $ 12 $ 492 (h) (a) The wholesale allowance for loan losses to total wholesale loans was 1.85% and 2.41%, excluding wholesale HFS loans of $17.6 billion and $6.4 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (b) The consumer allowance for loan losses to total consumer loans was 1.84% and 1.70%, excluding consumer HFS loans of $16.6 billion and $18.0 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (c) 2005 includes a special provision related to Hurricane Katrina allocated as follows: Retail Financial Services $250 million, C ard Services $100 million, Commercial Banking $35 million, Asset & Wealth Management $3 million and Corporate $12 million. (d) Includes $60 million of asset-specific and $340 million of formula-based allowance at December 31, 2005. The formula-based all owance for lending-related commitments is based upon statistical calculation. There is no adjustment to the statistical calculation for lending-related commitments. (e) Includes six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (f) Reflects an increase of $1.4 billion as a result of the decertification of heritage Bank One seller’s interest in credit car d securitizations, partially offset by a $254 million decrease in the allowance to conform methodologies in 2004. (g) Primarily represents the transfer of the allowance for accrued interest and fees on reported and securitized credit card loa ns. (h) Includes $130 million of asset-specific and $362 million of formula-based allowance at December 31, 2004. The formula-based al lowance for lending-related commitments is based upon a statistical calculation. There is no adjustment to the statistical calculation for lending-related commitments. Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase’s allowance for credit losses is intended to cover probable credit losses, including losses where the asset is not specifically identified or the size of the loss has not been fully determined. At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the Chief Risk Officer of the Firm, the Risk Policy Committee, a subgroup of the Operating Committee, and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Firm. The allowance is reviewed relative to the risk profile of the Firm’s credit portfolio and current economic conditions and is adjusted if, in management’s judgment, changes are warranted. The allowance includes an asset-specific component and a formula-based component, the latter of which consists of a statistical calculation and adjustments to the statistical calculation. For further discussion of the components of the Allowance for credit losses, see Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm on page 81 and Note 12 on pages 107–108 of this Annual Report. At December 31, 2005, management deemed the allowance for credit losses to be sufficient to absorb losses that are inherent in the portfolio, including losses that are not specifically identified or for which the size of the loss has not yet been fully determined. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 74 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The reduction in the allowance for credit losses of $322 million from December 31, 2004, was driven primarily by continued credit strength in the wholesale businesses, partially offset by an increase in the consumer allowance as a result of the special provision taken in the third quarter of 2005 due to Hurricane Katrina. Excluding held-for-sale loans, the allowance for loan losses represented 1.84% of loans at December 31, 2005, compared with 1.94% at December 31, 2004. The wholesale component of the allowance decreased to $2.5 billion as of December 31, 2005, from $3.1 billion at year-end 2004, due to strong credit quality across all wholesale businesses. Excluding the special provision for Hurricane Katrina, the consumer component of the allowance would have been $4.3 billion as of December 31, 2005, a slight increase from December 31, 2004. To provide for the risk of loss inherent in the Firm’s process of extending credit, management also computes an asset-specific component and a formula-based component for wholesale lending–related commitments. These are computed using a methodology similar to that used for the wholesale loan portfolio, modified for expected maturities and probabilities of drawdown. This allowance, which is reported in Other liabilities, was $400 million and $492 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Provision for credit losses For a discussion of the reported Provision for credit losses, see page 29 of this Annual Report. The managed provision for credit losses reflects credit card securitiza- tions. At December 31, 2005, securitized credit card outstandings were relatively flat compared with the prior year-end. Provision for For the year ended December 31, (a) Provision for loan losses lending-related commitments Total provision for credit losses (in millions) 2005 2004 2005 2004 2005(c) 2004 Investment Bank $ (757) $ (525) $ (81) $ (115) $ (838) $ (640) Commercial Banking 87 35 (14) 6 73 41 Treasury & Securities Services (1) 7 1 — — 7 Asset & Wealth Management (55) (12) (1) (2) (56) (14) Corporate 10 (110) — — 10 (110) Total Wholesale (716) (605) (95) (111) (811) (716) Retail Financial Services 721 450 3 (1) 724 449 Card Services 3,570 1,953 — — 3,570 1,953 Total Consumer 4,291 2,403 3 (1) 4,294 2,402 Accounting policy conformity (b) — 1,085 — (227) — 858 Total provision for credit losses 3,575 2,883 (92) (339) 3,483 2,544 Credit card securitization 3,776 2,898 — — 3,776 2,898 Accounting policy conformity — (1,085) — 227 — (858) Total managed provision for credit losses $ 7,351 $ 4,696 $ (92) $ (112) $ 7,259 $ 4,584 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) The 2004 provision for loan losses includes an increase of approximately $1.4 billion as a result of the decertification of heritage Bank One seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a reduction of $357 million to conform provision methodologies. The 2004 provision for lending-related commi tments reflects a reduction of $227 million to conform provision methodologies in the wholesale portfolio. (c) 2005 includes a $400 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina allocated as follows: Retail Financial Services $ 250 million, Card Services $100 million, Commercial Banking $35 million, Asset & Wealth Management $3 million and Corporate $12 million. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 75 Market risk management Market risk is the exposure to an adverse change in the market value of port- folios and financial instruments caused by a change in market prices or rates. Market risk management Market Risk Management (“MRM”) is an independent corporate risk governance function that identifies, measures, monitors, and controls market risk. It seeks to facilitate efficient risk/return decisions and to reduce volatility in operating performance. It strives to make the Firm’s market risk profile transparent to senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators. Market Risk Management is overseen by the Chief Risk Officer, a member of the Firm’s Operating Committee. MRM’s governance structure consists of the following primary functions: • Establishment of a comprehensive market risk policy framework • Independent measurement, monitoring and control of business segment market risk • Definition, approval and monitoring of limits • Performance of stress testing and qualitative risk assessments In addition, the Firm’s business segments have valuation control functions that are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the valuations of positions that expose the Firm to market risk. These groups report primarily into Finance. Risk identification and classification MRM works in partnership with the business segments to identify market risks throughout the Firm and to refine and monitor market risk policies and procedures. All business segments are responsible for comprehensive identifi- cation and verification of market risks within their units. Risk-taking businesses have functions that act independently from trading personnel and are responsible for verifying risk exposures that the business takes. In addition to providing independent oversight for market risk arising from the business segments, MRM also is responsible for identifying exposures which may not be large within individual business segments, but which may be large for the Firm in aggregate. Regular meetings are held between MRM and the heads of risk-taking businesses to discuss and decide on risk exposures in the context of the market environment and client flows. Positions that expose the Firm to market risk can be classified into two cate- gories: trading and nontrading risk. Trading risk includes positions that are held by the Firm as part of a business segment or unit whose main business strategy is to trade or make markets. Unrealized gains and losses in these positions are generally reported in trading revenue. Nontrading risk includes securities held for longer term investment, mortgage servicing rights, and securities and derivatives used to manage the Firm’s asset/liability exposures. Unrealized gains and losses in these positions are generally not reported in Trading revenue. Trading risk Fixed income risk (which includes interest rate risk and credit spread risk) involves the potential decline in net income or financial condition due to adverse changes in market rates, whether arising from client activities or proprietary positions taken by the Firm. Foreign exchange, equities and commodities risks involve the potential decline in net income to the Firm due to adverse changes in foreign exchange, equities or commodities markets, whether arising from client activities or proprietary positions taken by the Firm. Nontrading risk Nontrading risk arises from execution of the Firm’s core business strategies, the delivery of products and services to its customers, and the discretionary positions the Firm undertakes to risk-manage exposures. These exposures can result from a variety of factors, including differences in the timing among the maturity or repricing of assets, liabilities and off–balance sheet instruments. Changes in the level and shape of market interest rate curves also may create interest rate risk, since the repricing characteristics of the Firm’s assets do not necessarily match those of its liabilities. The Firm also is exposed to basis risk, which is the difference in re-pricing characteristics of two floating rate indices, such as the prime rate and 3-month LIBOR. In addition, some of the Firm’s products have embedded optionality that impact pricing and balances. The Firm’s mortgage banking activities also give rise to complex interest rate risks. The interest rate exposure from the Firm’s mortgage banking activities is a result of changes in the level of interest rates, option and basis risk. Option risk arises primarily from prepayment options embedded in mortgages and changes in the probability of newly-originated mortgage commitments actually closing. Basis risk results from different relative movements between mortgage rates and other interest rates. Risk measurement Tools used to measure risk Because no single measure can reflect all aspects of market risk, the Firm uses various metrics, both statistical and nonstatistical, including: • Nonstatistical risk measures • Value-at-Risk (“VAR”) • Loss advisories • Economic value stress testing • Earnings-at-risk stress testing • Risk identification for large exposures (“RIFLE”) Nonstatistical risk measures Nonstatistical risk measures other than stress testing include net open positions, basis point values, option sensitivities, market values, position concentrations and position turnover. These measures provide granular information on the Firm’s market risk exposure. They are aggregated by line of business and by risk type, and are used for monitoring limits, one-off approvals and tactical control. Value-at-risk JPMorgan Chase’s primary statistical risk measure, VAR, estimates the potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment and provides a consistent cross-business measure of risk profiles and levels of diversification. VAR is used for comparing risks across businesses, monitoring limits, one-off approvals, and as an input to economic capital calculations. VAR provides risk transparency in a normal trading environment. Each business day the Firm undertakes a comprehensive VAR calculation that includes both its trading and its nontrading activities. VAR for nontrading activities measures the amount of potential change in fair value of the exposures related to these activities; however, VAR for such activities is not a measure of reported revenue since nontrading activities are generally not marked to market through earnings. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 76 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report To calculate VAR, the Firm uses historical simulation, which measures risk across instruments and portfolios in a consistent and comparable way. This approach assumes that historical changes in market values are representative of future changes. The simulation is based upon data for the previous twelve months. The Firm calculates VAR using a one-day time horizon and an expected tail loss methodology, which approximates a 99% confidence level. This means the Firm would expect to incur losses greater than that predicted by VAR estimates only once in every 100 trading days, or about 2.5 times a year. Trading VAR IB trading VAR by risk type and credit portfolio VAR (a) 2005 2004(e) As of or for the year ended Average Minimum Maximum At Average Minimum Maximum At December 31, (in millions) VAR VAR VAR December 31, VAR VAR VAR December 31, By risk type: Fixed income $6 7 $ 3 7 $ 1 1 0 $8 9 $ 74 $ 45 $ 118 $ 57 Foreign exchange 23 16 32 19 17 10 33 28 Equities 34 15 65 24 28 15 58 20 Commodities and other 21 7 50 34 97 1 8 8 Less: portfolio diversification (59)(c) NM(d) NM(d) (63)(c) (43)(c) NM(d) NM(d) (41)(c) Total trading VAR $ 86 $ 53 $ 130 $ 103 $ 85 $ 52 $ 125 $ 72 Credit portfolio VAR (b) 14 11 17 15 14 11 17 15 Less: portfolio diversification (12)(c) NM(d) NM(d) (10)(c) (9)(c) NM(d) NM(d) (9)(c) Total trading and credit portfolio VAR $ 88 $ 57 $ 130 $ 108 $ 90 $ 55 $ 132 $ 78 (a) Trading VAR excludes VAR related to the Firm’s private equity business and certain exposures used to manage MSRs. For a discu ssion of Private equity risk management and MSRs, see page 80 and Note 15 on pages 114–116 of this Annual Report, respectively. Trading VAR includes substantially all mark-to-market trading activities in the IB, plus available-for-sale securities held for the IB’s proprietary purposes (included within Fixed Income); however, particular risk parameters of certain products are not fully captur ed, for example, correlation risk. (b) Includes VAR on derivative credit valuation adjustments, credit valuation adjustment hedges and mark-to-market hedges of the accrual loan portfolio, which are all reported in Trading revenue. This VAR does not include the accrual loan portfolio, which is not marked to market. (c) Average and period-end VARs are less than the sum of the VARs of its market risk components, which is due to risk offsets res ulting from portfolio diversification. The diversification effect reflects the fact that the risks are not perfectly correlated. The risk of a portfolio of positions is therefore usually less than the su m of the risks of the positions themselves. (d) Designated as not meaningful (“NM”) because the minimum and maximum may occur on different days for different risk component s, and hence it is not meaningful to compute a portfolio diversification effect. (e) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. IB‘s Average Total Trading and Credit Portfolio VAR decreased to $88 million during 2005 compared with $90 million for the same period in 2004. Period- end VAR increased over the same period to $108 million from $78 million. Commodities and other VAR increased due to the expansion of the energy trading business. The decrease in average Total Trading and Credit Portfolio VAR was driven by increased portfolio diversification as fixed income risk decreased and foreign exchange, equities and commodities risk increased. Trading VAR diversification increased to $59 million, or 41% of the sum of the components, from $43 million, or 34% of the sum of the components. The diversification effect between the trading portfolio and the credit portfolio also increased to $12 million, or 12% of the sum of the components, from $9 million, or 9% of the sum of the components. In general, over the course of the year, VAR exposures can vary significantly as trading positions change, market volatility fluctuates and diversification benefits change. VAR backtesting To evaluate the soundness of its VAR model, the Firm conducts daily backtesting of VAR against daily financial results, based upon market risk-related revenue. Market risk-related revenue is defined as the change in value of the mark-to- market trading portfolios plus any trading-related net interest income, brokerage commissions, underwriting fees or other revenue. The following histogram illustrates the daily market risk-related gains and losses for the IB trading businesses for the year ended December 31, 2005. The chart shows that the IB posted market risk-related gains on 208 out of 260 days in this period, with 20 days exceeding $100 million. The inset graph looks at those days on which the IB experienced losses and depicts the amount by which VAR exceeded the actual loss on each of those days. Losses were sustained on 52 days, with no loss greater than $90 million, and with no loss exceeding the VAR measure. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 77 < (60) (20) > < (10) (10) > < 0 0 > < 10 10 > < 20 20 > < 30 30 > < 40 40 > < 50 50 > < 60 60 > < 70 70 > < 80 80 > < 90 90 > < 100 100 > < 110 > 140 (30) > < (20) (40) > < (30) Daily IB market risk-related gains and losses Year ended December 31, 2005 Number of trading days Average daily revenue: $37.3 million 0 5 10 15 20 25 30 35 $ in millions 5 10 15 20 < 0 0 > < 20 20 > < 40 40 > < 60 60 > < 80 > 100 $ in millions Number of trading days Daily IB VAR less market risk-related losses 80 > < 100 110 > < 120 (60) > < (50) (50) > < (40) 130 > < 140 120 > < 130 Loss advisories Loss advisories are tools used to highlight to senior management trading losses above certain levels and are used to initiate discussion of remedies. Economic value stress testing While VAR reflects the risk of loss due to unlikely events in normal markets, stress testing captures the Firm’s exposure to unlikely but plausible events in abnormal markets. The Firm conducts economic-value stress tests for both its trading and its nontrading activities using multiple scenarios for both types of activities. Periodically, scenarios are reviewed and updated to reflect changes in the Firm’s risk profile and economic events. Stress testing is as important as VAR in measuring and controlling risk. Stress testing enhances the under- standing of the Firm’s risk profile and loss potential, and is used for monitor- ing limits, one-off approvals and cross-business risk measurement, as well as an input to economic capital allocation. Based upon the Firm’s stress scenarios, the stress test loss (pre-tax) in the IB ’s trading portfolio ranged from $469 million to $1.4 billion, and $202 million to $1.2 billion, for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm ’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. Earnings-at-risk stress testing The VAR and stress-test measures described above illustrate the total economic sensitivity of the Firm’s balance sheet to changes in market variables. The effect of interest rate exposure on reported Net income also is critical. Interest rate risk exposure in the Firm’s core nontrading business activities (i.e., asset/liability management positions) results from on– and off–balance sheet positions. The Firm conducts simulations of changes in NII from its nontrading activities under a variety of interest rate scenarios, which are consistent with the scenarios used for economic-value stress testing. Earnings-at-risk tests measure the potential change in the Firm ’s Net interest income over the next 12 months and highlight exposures to various rate-sensitive factors, such as the rates themselves (e.g., the prime lending rate), pricing strategies on deposits, optionality and changes in product mix. The tests include forecasted balance sheet changes, such as asset sales and securitizations, as well as prepayment and reinvestment behavior. Earnings-at-risk also can result from changes in the slope of the yield curve, because the Firm has the ability to lend at fixed rates and borrow at variable or short-term fixed rates. Based upon these scenarios, the Firm’s earnings would be affected negatively by a sudden and unanticipated increase in short-term rates without a corresponding increase in long-term rates. Conversely, higher long-term rates generally are beneficial to earnings, particularly when the increase is not accompanied by rising short-term rates. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 78 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Immediate changes in interest rates present a limited view of risk, and so a number of alternative scenarios also are reviewed. These scenarios include the implied forward curve, nonparallel rate shifts and severe interest rate shocks on selected key rates. These scenarios are intended to provide a comprehensive view of JPMorgan Chase’s earnings-at-risk over a wide range of outcomes. JPMorgan Chase’s 12-month pre-tax earnings sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, follows: Immediate change in rates (in millions) +200bp +100bp -100bp December 31, 2005 $ 265 $ 172 $ (162) December 31, 2004 (557) (164) (180) The Firm’s risk to rising and falling interest rates is due primarily to correspon- ding increases and decreases in short-term funding costs. RIFLE Individuals who manage risk positions, particularly those that are complex, are responsible for identifying potential losses that could arise from specific unusual events, such as a potential tax change, and estimating the probabilities of losses arising from such events. This information is entered into the Firm’s RIFLE system and directed to the appropriate level of management, thereby permitting the Firm to identify further earnings vulnerability not adequately covered by standard risk measures. Risk monitoring and control Limits Market risk is controlled primarily through a series of limits. Limits reflect the Firm’s risk appetite in the context of the market environment and business strategy. In setting limits, the Firm takes into consideration factors such as market volatility, product liquidity, business track record and management experience. MRM regularly reviews and updates risk limits, and senior management reviews and approves risk limits at least once a year. MRM further controls the Firm’s exposure by specifically designating approved financial instruments and tenors, known as instrument authorities, for each business segment. The Firm maintains different levels of limits. Corporate-level limits include VAR, stress and loss advisories. Similarly, line of business limits include VAR, stress and loss advisories, and are supplemented by nonstatistical measure- ments and instrument authorities. Businesses are responsible for adhering to established limits, against which exposures are monitored and reported. Limit breaches are reported in a timely manner to senior management, and the affected business segment is required to take appropriate action to reduce trading positions. If the business cannot do this within an acceptable timeframe, senior management is consulted on the appropriate action. Qualitative review MRM also performs periodic reviews as necessary of both businesses and products with exposure to market risk in order to assess the ability of the businesses to control their market risk. Strategies, market conditions, product details and risk controls are reviewed, and specific recommendations for improvements are made to management. Model review Some of the Firm’s financial instruments cannot be valued based upon quoted market prices but are instead valued using pricing models. Such models are used for management of risk positions, such as reporting against limits, as well as for valuation. The Model Risk Group, independent of the businesses and MRM, reviews the models the Firm uses and assesses model appropriateness and consistency. The model reviews consider a number of factors about the model’s suitability for valuation and risk management of a particular product, including whether it accurately reflects the characteristics of the transaction and its significant risks, the suitability and convergence properties of numerical algorithms, reliability of data sources, consistency of the treatment with models for similar products, and sensitivity to input parameters and assumptions that cannot be priced from the market. Reviews are conducted for new or changed models, as well as previously accepted models, to assess whether there have been any changes in the product or market that may impact the model ’s validity and whether there are theoretical or competitive developments that may require reassessment of the model’s adequacy. For a summary of valuations based upon models, see Critical Accounting Estimates used by the Firm on pages 81 –83 of this Annual Report. Risk reporting Nonstatistical exposures, value-at-risk, loss advisories and limit excesses are reported daily for each trading and nontrading business. Market risk exposure trends, value-at-risk trends, profit and loss changes, and portfolio concentra- tions are reported weekly. Stress test results are reported monthly to business and senior management. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 79 Operational risk management Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or external events. Overview Operational risk is inherent in each of the Firm ’s businesses and support activities. Operational risk can manifest itself in various ways, including errors, business interruptions, inappropriate behavior of employees and vendors that do not perform in accordance with outsourcing arrangements. These events can potentially result in financial losses and other damage to the Firm, including reputational harm. To monitor and control operational risk, the Firm maintains a system of com- prehensive policies and a control framework designed to provide a sound and well-controlled operational environment. The goal is to keep operational risk at appropriate levels, in light of the Firm’s financial strength, the characteristics of its businesses, the markets in which it operates, and the competitive and regulatory environment to which it is subject. Notwithstanding these control measures, the Firm incurs operational losses. The Firm’s approach to operational risk management is intended to mitigate such losses by supplementing traditional control-based approaches to operational risk with risk measures, tools and disciplines that are risk-specific, consistently applied and utilized firmwide. Key themes are transparency of information, escalation of key issues and accountability for issue resolution. During 2005, the Firm substantially completed the implementation of Phoenix, a new internally-designed operational risk software tool. Phoenix integrates the individual components of the operational risk management framework into a unified, web-based tool. Phoenix is intended to enable the Firm to enhance its reporting and analysis of operational risk data by enabling risk identification, measurement, monitoring, reporting and analysis to be done in an integrated manner, thereby enabling efficiencies in the Firm’s management of its operational risk. For purposes of identification, monitoring, reporting and analysis, the Firm categorizes operational risk events as follows: • Client service and selection • Business practices • Fraud, theft and malice • Execution, delivery and process management • Employee disputes • Disasters and public safety • Technology and infrastructure failures Risk identification and measurement Risk identification is the recognition of the operational risk events that management believes may give rise to operational losses. In 2005, JPMorgan Chase substantially completed a multi-year effort to redesign the underlying architecture of its firmwide self-assessment process. The goal of the self-assessment process is for each business to identify the key operational risks specific to its environment and assess the degree to which it maintains appropriate controls. Action plans are developed for control issues identified, and businesses are held accountable for tracking and resolving these issues on a timely basis. All businesses were required to perform self-assessments in 2005. Going forward, the Firm will utilize the self-assessment process as a dynamic risk management tool. Risk monitoring The Firm has a process for monitoring operational risk-event data, permitting analysis of errors and losses as well as trends. Such analysis, performed both at a line of business level and by risk-event type, enables identification of the causes associated with risk events faced by the businesses. Where available, the internal data can be supplemented with external data for comparative analysis with industry patterns. The data reported will enable the Firm to back-test against self-assessment results. Risk reporting and analysis Operational risk management reports provide timely and accurate information, including information about actual operational loss levels and self-assessment results, to the lines of business and senior management. The purpose of these reports is to enable management to maintain operational risk at appropriate levels within each line of business, to escalate issues and to provide consistent data aggregation across the Firm’s businesses and support areas. Audit alignment Internal Audit utilizes a risk-based program of audit coverage to provide an independent assessment of the design and effectiveness of key controls over the Firm’s operations, regulatory compliance and reporting. Audit partners with business management and members of the control community in providing guidance on the operational risk framework and reviewing the effectiveness and accuracy of the business self-assessment process as part of its business unit audits. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 80 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report A firm’s success depends not only on its prudent management of liquidity, credit, market and operational risks that are part of its business risks, but equally on the maintenance among many constituents – clients, investors, regulators, as well as the general public – of a reputation for business practices of the highest quality. Attention to reputation has always been a key aspect of the Firm’s practices, and maintenance of reputation is the responsibility of everyone at the Firm. JPMorgan Chase bolsters this individual responsibility in many ways, including through the Firm’s Code of Conduct, training, main- taining adherence to policies and procedures and oversight functions that approve transactions. These oversight functions include a Conflicts Office, which examines wholesale transactions with the potential to create conflicts of interest for the Firm. Policy review office The Firm also has a specific structure to address certain transactions with clients, especially complex derivatives and structured finance transactions, that have the potential to adversely affect its reputation. This structure reinforces the Firm’s procedures for examining transactions in terms of appropriateness, ethical issues and reputational risk, and it intensifies the Firm ’s scrutiny of the purpose and effect of its transactions from the client ’s point of view, with the goal that these transactions are not used to mislead investors or others. The structure operates at three levels: as part of every business ’ transaction approval process; through review by regional Reputation Risk Committees; and through oversight by the Policy Review Office. Primary responsibility for adherence to the policies and procedures designed to address reputation risk lies with the business units conducting the transactions in question. The Firm’s transaction approval process requires review from, among others, internal legal/compliance, conflicts, tax and accounting groups. Transactions involving an SPE established by the Firm receive particular scrutiny intended to ensure that every such entity is properly approved, documented, monitored and controlled. Business units are also required to submit to regional Reputation Risk Committees proposed transactions that may give rise to heightened reputation risk – particularly a client’s motivation and its intended financial disclosure of the transaction. The committees may approve, reject or require further clarification on or changes to the transactions. The members of these committees are senior representatives of the business and support units in the region. The committees may escalate transaction review to the Policy Review Office. The Policy Review Office is the most senior approval level for client transactions involving reputation risk issues. The mandate of the Office is to opine on specific transactions brought by the Regional Committees and consider changes in policies or practices relating to reputation risk. The head of the Office consults with the Firm’s most senior executives on specific topics and provides regular updates. Aside from governance and guidance on specific transactions, the objective of the policy review process is to reinforce a culture, through a “case study” approach, that ensures that all employees, regardless of seniority, understand the basic principles of reputation risk control and can recognize and address issues as they arise. In 2006, this structure, which until now has been focused primarily on Investment Bank activities, will be expanded to include the activities of Commercial Banking and the Private Bank. These lines of business will implement training and review procedures similar to those in the Investment Bank and their activities also will be subject to the oversight of the Policy Review Office. Fiduciary risk management The risk management committees within each line of business include in their mandate the oversight of the legal, reputational and, where appropriate, fiduciary risks in their businesses that may produce significant losses or reputational damage. The Fiduciary Risk Management function works with the relevant line of business risk committees to ensure that businesses providing investment or risk management products or services that give rise to fiduciary duties to clients perform at the appropriate standard relative to their fiduciary relationship with a client. Of particular focus are the policies and practices that address a business’ responsibilities to a client, including client suitability determination, disclosure obligations, disclosure communications and performance expectations with respect to such of the investment and risk management products or services being provided by the Firm that give rise to such fiduciary duties. In this way, the relevant line-of-business risk committees, together with the Fiduciary Risk Management function, provide oversight of the Firm’s efforts to monitor, measure and control the risks that may arise in the delivery of the products or services to clients that give rise to such duties, as well as those stemming from any of the Firm ’s fiduciary responsibilities to employees under the Firm’s various employee benefit plans. Reputation and fiduciary risk management Private equity risk management Risk management The Firm makes direct principal investments in private equity. The illiquid nature and long-term holding period associated with these investments differentiates private equity risk from the risk of positions held in the trading portfolios. The Firm’s approach to managing private equity risk is consistent with the Firm’s general risk governance structure. Controls are in place establishing target levels for total and annual investment in order to control the overall size of the portfolio. Industry and geographic concentration limits are in place intended to ensure diversification of the portfolio, and periodic reviews are performed on the portfolio to substantiate the valuations of the investments. The Valuation Control Group within the Finance area is responsible for reviewing the accuracy of the carrying values of private equity investments held by Private Equity. At December 31, 2005, the carrying value of the private equity portfolios of JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners businesses was $6.2 billion, of which $479 million represented positions traded in the public market. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 81 JPMorgan Chase’s accounting policies and use of estimates are integral to understanding its reported results. The Firm’s most complex accounting estimates require management’s judgment to ascertain the valuation of assets and liabilities. The Firm has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure that valuation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well controlled, independently reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in a controlled and appropriate manner. The Firm believes its estimates for determining the valuation of its assets and liabilities are appropriate. The following is a brief description of the Firm ’s critical accounting estimates involving significant valuation judgments. Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase’s allowance for credit losses covers the wholesale and consumer loan portfolios as well as the Firm ’s portfolio of wholesale lending- related commitments. The Allowance for loan losses is intended to adjust the value of the Firm’s loan assets for probable credit losses as of the balance sheet date. For a further discussion of the methodologies used in establishing the Firm’s Allowance for credit losses, see Note 12 on pages 107–108 of this Annual Report. Wholesale loans and lending-related commitments The methodology for calculating both the Allowance for loan losses and the Allowance for lending-related commitments involves significant judgment. First and foremost, it involves the early identification of credits that are deteriorating. Second, it involves management judgment to derive loss factors. Third, it involves management judgment to evaluate certain macroeconomic factors, underwriting standards, and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the current portfolio and to refine loss factors to better reflect these conditions. The Firm uses a risk rating system to determine the credit quality of its wholesale loans. Wholesale loans are reviewed for information affecting the obligor’s ability to fulfill its obligations. In assessing the risk rating of a particular loan, among the factors considered include the obligor ’s debt capacity and financial flexibility, the level of the obligor’s earnings, the amount and sources for repayment, the level and nature of contingencies, management strength, and the industry and geography in which the obligor operates. These factors are based upon an evaluation of historical and current information, and involve subjective assessment and interpretation. Emphasizing one factor over another, or considering additional factors that may be relevant in determining the risk rating of a particular loan but which are not currently an explicit part of the Firm’s methodology, could impact the risk rating assigned by the Firm to that loan. Management applies its judgment to derive loss factors associated with each credit facility. These loss factors are determined by facility structure, collateral and type of obligor. Wherever possible, the Firm uses independent, verifiable data or the Firm’s own historical loss experience in its models for estimating these loss factors. Many factors can affect management’s estimates of loss, including volatility of loss given default, probability of default and rating migrations. Judgment is applied to determine whether the loss given default should be calculated as an average over the entire credit cycle or at a particular point in the credit cycle. The application of different loss given default factors would change the amount of the Allowance for credit losses determined appropriate by the Firm. Similarly, there are judgments as to which external data on probability of default should be used and when they should be used. Choosing data that are not reflective of the Firm ’s specific loan portfolio characteristics could also affect loss estimates. Management also applies its judgment to adjust the loss factors derived, taking into consideration model imprecision, external factors and economic events that have occurred but are not yet reflected in the loss factors. The resultant adjustments to the statistical calculation on the performing portfolio are determined by creating estimated ranges using historical experience of both loss given default and probability of default. Factors related to concentrated and deteriorating industries are also incorporated where relevant. The estimated ranges and the determination of the appropriate point within the range are based upon management’s view of uncertainties that relate to current macroeconomic and political conditions, quality of underwriting standards and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the current portfolio. The adjustment to the statistical calculation for the wholesale loan portfolio for the period ended December 31, 2005, was $621 million, the higher-end within the range, based upon management’s assessment of current economic conditions. Consumer loans For scored loans in the consumer lines of business, loss is primarily determined by applying statistical loss factors and other risk indicators to pools of loans by asset type. These loss estimates are sensitive to changes in delinquency status, credit bureau scores, the realizable value of collateral and other risk factors. Adjustments to the statistical calculation are accomplished in part by analyzing the historical loss experience for each major product segment. Management analyzes the range of credit loss experienced for each major portfolio segment, taking into account economic cycles, portfolio seasoning and underwriting criteria, and then formulates a range that incorporates relevant risk factors that impact overall credit performance. The recorded adjustment to the statistical calculation for the period ended December 31, 2005, was $1.2 billion, based upon management’s assessment of current economic conditions. Fair value of financial instruments A portion of JPMorgan Chase’s assets and liabilities are carried at fair value, including trading assets and liabilities, AFS securities and private equity investments. Held-for-sale loans, mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) and commodities inventory are carried at the lower of fair value or cost. At December 31, 2005, approximately $386 billion of the Firm’s assets were recorded at fair value. The fair value of a financial instrument is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The majority of the Firm’s assets reported at fair value are based upon quoted market prices or on internally developed models that utilize independently sourced market parameters, including interest rate yield curves, option volatilities and currency rates. The degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of a financial instrument is dependent upon the availability of quoted market prices or observable market parameters. For financial instruments that are actively traded and have quoted market prices or parameters readily available, there is little-to-no subjectivity in determining fair value. When observable market prices and parameters do not exist, management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. The valuation process takes into consideration Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 82 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report factors such as liquidity and concentration concerns and, for the derivatives portfolio, counterparty credit risk (see the discussion of CVA on page 70 of this Annual Report). For example, there is often limited market data to rely on when estimating the fair value of a large or aged position. Similarly, judgment must be applied in estimating prices for less readily observable external parameters. Finally, other factors such as model assumptions, market dislocations and unexpected correlations can affect estimates of fair value. Imprecision in estimating these factors can impact the amount of revenue or loss recorded for a particular position. Trading and available-for-sale portfolios Substantially all of the Firm’s securities held for trading and investment purposes (“long” positions) and securities that the Firm has sold to other parties but does not own (“short” positions) are valued based upon quoted market prices. However, certain securities are less actively traded and, therefore, are not always able to be valued based upon quoted market prices. The determination of their fair value requires management judgment, as this determination may require benchmarking to similar instruments or analyzing default and recovery rates. Examples include certain collateralized mortgage and debt obligations and high-yield debt securities. As few derivative contracts are listed on an exchange, the majority of the Firm’s derivative positions are valued using internally developed models that use as their basis readily observable market parameters – that is, parameters that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources, including industry-pricing services. Certain derivatives, however, are valued based upon models with significant unobservable market parameters – that is, parameters that must be estimated and are, therefore, subject to management judgment to substantiate the model valuation. These instruments are normally either less actively traded or trade activity is one-way. Examples include long-dated interest rate or currency swaps, where swap rates may be unobservable for longer maturities, and certain credit products, where correlation and recovery rates are unobservable. Due to the lack of observable market data, the Firm defers the initial trading profit for these financial instruments. The deferred profit is recognized in Trading revenue on a systematic basis and when observable market data becomes available. Management’s judgment also includes recording fair value adjustments (i.e., reductions) to model valuations to account for parameter uncertainty when valuing complex or less actively traded derivative transactions. The following table summarizes the Firm’s trading and available-for-sale portfolios by valuation methodology at December 31, 2005: Trading assets Trading liabilities Securities Securities AFS purchased (a) Derivatives (b) sold(a) Derivatives (b) securities Fair value based upon: Quoted market prices 86% 2% 97% 2% 91% Internal models with significant observable market parameters 12 96 2 97 6 Internal models with significant unobservable market parameters 22 11 3 Total 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% (a) Reflected as debt and equity instruments on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. (b) Based upon gross mark-to-market valuations of the Firm’s derivatives portfolio prior to netting positions pursuant to FIN 39 , as cross-product netting is not relevant to an analysis based upon valua- tion methodologies. To ensure that the valuations are appropriate, the Firm has various controls in place. These include: an independent review and approval of valuation models; detailed review and explanation for profit and loss analyzed daily and over time; decomposing the model valuations for certain structured derivative instruments into their components and benchmarking valuations, where possible, to similar products; and validating valuation estimates through actual cash settlement. As markets and products develop and the pricing for certain derivative products becomes more transparent, the Firm refines its valuation methodologies. The Valuation Control Group within the Finance area, a group independent of the risk-taking function, is responsible for reviewing the accuracy of the valuations of positions taken within the Investment Bank. For a discussion of market risk management, including the model review process, see Market risk management on pages 75–78 of this Annual Report. For further details regarding the Firm’s valuation methodologies, see Note 29 on pages 126–128 of this Annual Report. Loans held-for-sale The fair value of loans in the held-for-sale portfolio is generally based upon observable market prices of similar instruments, including bonds, credit derivatives and loans with similar characteristics. If market prices are not available, fair value is based upon the estimated cash flows adjusted for credit risk that is discounted using a rate appropriate for each maturity that incor- porates the effects of interest rate changes. Commodities inventory The majority of commodities inventory includes bullion and base metals where fair value is determined by reference to prices in highly active and liquid markets. The fair value of other commodities inventory is determined primarily using prices and data derived from less liquid and developing markets where the underlying commodities are traded. Private equity investments Valuation of private investments held primarily by the Private Equity business within Corporate requires significant management judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, inherent lack of liquidity and the long-term nature of such assets. Private investments are initially valued based upon cost. The carrying values of private investments are adjusted from cost to reflect both positive and negative changes evidenced by financing events with third- party capital providers. In addition, these investments are subject to ongoing impairment reviews by Private Equity’s senior investment professionals. A variety of factors are reviewed and monitored to assess impairment including, but not limited to, operating performance and future expectations of the particular portfolio investment, industry valuations of comparable public companies, changes in market outlook and the third-party financing environment over time. The Valuation Control Group within the Finance area is responsible for reviewing the accuracy of the carrying values of private investments held by Private Equity. For additional information about private equity investments, JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 83 see the Private equity risk management discussion on page 80 and Note 9 on pages 103–105 of this Annual Report. MSRs and certain other retained interests in securitizations MSRs and certain other retained interests from securitization activities do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. For example, sales of MSRs do occur, but the precise terms and conditions are typically not readily available. Accordingly, the Firm estimates the fair value of MSRs and certain other retained interests in securitizations using discounted future cash flow (DCF) models. For MSRs, the model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees and prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenues, costs to service and other economic factors. During the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company began utilizing an option adjusted spread (“OAS”) valuation approach when determining the fair value of MSRs. This approach, when used in conjunction with the Firm’s proprietary prepayment model, projects MSR cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios, which are then discounted at risk-adjusted rates, to estimate an expected fair value of the MSRs. The OAS valuation approach is expected to provide improved estimates of fair value. The initial valuation of MSRs under OAS did not have a material impact to the Firm’s financial statements. For certain other retained interests in securitizations (such as interest only strips), a single interest rate path DCF model is used and generally includes assumptions based upon projected finance charges related to the securitized assets, estimated net credit losses, prepayment assumptions, and contractual interest paid to the third-party investors. Changes in the assumptions used may have a significant impact on the Firm’s valuation of retained interests. For both MSRs and certain other retained interests in securitizations, the Firm compares its fair value estimates and assumptions to observable market data where available and to recent market activity and actual portfolio experience. Management believes that the assumptions used to estimate fair values are supportable and reasonable. For a further discussion of the most significant assumptions used to value retained interests in securitizations and MSRs, as well as the applicable stress tests for those assumptions, see Notes 13 and 15 on pages 108–111 and 114–116, respectively, of this Annual Report. Goodwill impairment Under SFAS 142, goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment. The Firm tests goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate that there may be justification for conducting an interim test. Impairment testing is performed at the reporting-unit level (which is generally one level below the six major business segments identified in Note 31 on pages 130–131 of this Annual Report, plus Private Equity which is included in Corporate). The first part of the test is a comparison, at the reporting unit level, of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, then the second part of the test is needed to measure the amount of potential goodwill impairment. The implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill is calculated and compared to the carrying amount of goodwill recorded in the Firm’s financial records. If the carrying value of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, then the Firm would recognize an impairment loss in the amount of the difference, which would be recorded as a charge against Net income. The fair values of the reporting units are determined using discounted cash flow models based upon each reporting unit’s internal forecasts. In addition, analysis using market-based trading and transaction multiples, where available, are used to assess the reasonableness of the valuations derived from the discounted cash flow models. Goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2005 or 2004, nor was any goodwill written off due to impairment during the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003. See Note 15 on page 114 of this Annual Report for additional information related to the nature and accounting for goodwill and the carrying values of goodwill by major business segment. Accounting for income taxes – repatriation of foreign earnings under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 On October 22, 2004, the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the “Act”) was signed into law. The Act creates a temporary incentive for U.S. companies to repatriate accumulated foreign earnings at a substantially reduced U.S. effective tax rate by providing a dividends received deduction on the repatriation of certain foreign earnings to the U.S. taxpayer (the “repatriation provision”). The new deduction is subject to a number of limitations and requirements. In the fourth quarter of 2005, the Firm applied the repatriation provision to $1.9 billion of cash from foreign earnings, resulting in a net tax benefit of $55 million. The $1.9 billion of cash will be used in accordance with the Firm’s domestic reinvestment plan pursuant to the guidelines set forth in the Act. Accounting for share-based payments In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 123R, which revises SFAS 123 and supersedes APB 25. In March 2005, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued SAB 107 which provides interpretive guidance on SFAS 123R. Accounting and reporting under SFAS 123R is generally similar to the SFAS 123 approach. However, SFAS 123R requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income statement based upon their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. SFAS 123R permits adoption using one of two methods – modified prospective or modified retrospective. In April 2005, the SEC approved a new rule that, for public companies, delays the effective date of SFAS 123R to no later than January 1, 2006. The Firm adopted SFAS 123R on January 1, 2006, under the modified prospective method. The Firm continued to account for certain stock options that were outstanding as of December 31, 2002, under APB 25 using the intrinsic value method. Therefore, compensation expense for some previously granted awards that was not recognized under SFAS 123 will be recognized commencing January 1, 2006, under SFAS 123R. Had the Firm adopted SFAS 123R in prior periods, the impact would have approximated that shown in the SFAS 123 pro forma disclosures in Note 7 on pages 100–102 of this Annual Report, which presents net income and earnings per share as if all outstanding awards were accounted for at fair value. Prior to adopting SFAS 123R, the Firm’s accounting policy for share-based payment awards granted to retirement-eligible employees was to recognize Accounting and reporting developments Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 84 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report In the normal course of business, JPMorgan Chase trades nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts. To determine the fair value of these contracts, the Firm uses various fair value estimation techniques, which are primarily based upon internal models with significant observable market parameters. The Firm’s nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts are primarily energy-related contracts. The following table summarizes the changes in fair value for nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts for the year ended December 31, 2005: For the year ended December 31, 2005 (in millions) Asset position Liability position Net fair value of contracts outstanding at January 1, 2005 $ 1,449 $ 999 Effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements 2,304 2,233 Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at January 1, 2005 3,753 3,232 Contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period (12,589) (10,886) Fair value of new contracts 37,518 30,691 Changes in fair values attributable to changes in valuation techniques and assumptions —— Other changes in fair value (11,717) (7,635) Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2005 16,965 15,402 Effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements (10,014) (10,078) Net fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2005 $ 6,951 $ 5,324 The following table indicates the schedule of maturities of nonexchange- traded commodity derivative contracts at December 31, 2005: At December 31, 2005 (in millions) Asset position Liability position Maturity less than 1 year $ 6,682 $ 6,254 Maturity 1–3 years 8,231 7,590 Maturity 4–5 years 1,616 1,246 Maturity in excess of 5 years 436 312 Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2005 16,965 15,402 Effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements (10,014) (10,078) Net fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2005 $ 6,951 $ 5,324 Nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts at fair value compensation cost over the awards’ stated service period. For awards granted to retirement-eligible employees in January 2006, which are subject to SFAS 123R, the Firm will recognize compensation expense on the grant datewithout giving consideration to the impact of post- employment restrictions. This will result in an increase in compensation expense for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2006 of approximately $300 million, as compared with the expense that would have been recognized under the Firm’s prior accounting policy. The Firm will also accrue in 2006 the estimated cost of stock awards to be granted to retirement-eligible employees in January 2007. Accounting for conditional asset retirement obligations In March 2005, FASB issued FIN 47 to clarify the term “conditional asset retirement obligation” as used in SFAS 143. Conditional asset retirement obligations are legal obligations to perform an asset retirement activity in which the timing and/or method of settlement are conditional based upon a future event that may or may not be within the control of the company. The obligation to perform the asset retirement activity is unconditional even though uncertainty exists about the timing and/or method of settlement. FIN 47 clarifies that a company is required to recognize a liability for the fair value of the conditional asset retirement obligation if the fair value of the liability can be reasonably estimated and provides guidance for determining when a company would have sufficient information to reasonably estimate the fair value of the obligation. The Firm adopted FIN 47 on December 31, 2005. The implementation did not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments – an Amendment of FASB Statements No. 133 and 140 In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 155, which applies to certain “hybrid financial instruments,” which are instruments that contain embedded derivatives. The new standard establishes a requirement to evaluate beneficial interests in securitized financial assets to determine if the interests represent freestanding derivatives or are hybrid financial instruments containing embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation. This new standard also permits an election for fair value remeasurement of any hybrid financial instrument containing an embedded derivative that otherwise would require bifurcation under SFAS 133. The fair value election can be applied on an instrument-by-instrument basis to existing instruments at the date of adoption and can be applied to new instruments on a prospective basis. Currently, the Firm is planning to adopt this standard effective January 1, 2006. In addition, the Firm is assessing to which qualifying existing and newly issued instruments it will apply the fair value election. Implementation of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Firm’s financial position or results of operations. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 85 Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting JPMorgan Chase & Co. Management of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Firm’s principal executive, principal operating and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by JPMorgan Chase’s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. JPMorgan Chase’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Firm’s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accor- dance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Firm are being made only in accordance with authorizations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Firm’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005. In making the assessment, management used the framework in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework” promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred to as the “COSO” criteria. Based upon the assessment performed, management concluded that as of December 31, 2005, JPMorgan Chase’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the COSO criteria. Additionally, based upon manage- ment’s assessment, the Firm determined that there were no material weak- nesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005. Management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , JPMorgan Chase’s independent registered public accounting firm, who also audited the Firm’s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2005, as stated in their report which is included herein. William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman of the Board James Dimon President and Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Cavanagh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2006 86 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.: We have completed integrated audits of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s 2005 and 2004 consolidated financial statements and of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, and an audit of its 2003 consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our opinions on JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s 2005, 2004, and 2003 consolidated financial statements and on its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, based on our audits, are presented below. Consolidated financial statements In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) at December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit of financial statements includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Internal control over financial reporting Also, in our opinion, management’s assessment, included in the accompanying Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting, that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005 based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on those criteria. Furthermore, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of P RICEWATERHOUSE COOPERS LLP • 300 M ADISON AVENUE • NEW YORK, NY 10017 December 31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on management’s assess- ment and on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. An audit of internal control over financial reporting includes obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating management’s assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we consider necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accor- dance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of manage- ment and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. February 24, 2006 Report of independent registered public accounting firm JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 87 Consolidated statements of income JPMorgan Chase & Co. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Revenue Investment banking fees $ 4,088 $ 3,537 $ 2,890 Trading revenue 5,860 3,612 4,427 Lending & deposit related fees 3,389 2,672 1,727 Asset management, administration and commissions 10,390 8,165 6,039 Securities/private equity gains 473 1,874 1,479 Mortgage fees and related income 1,054 806 790 Credit card income 6,754 4,840 2,466 Other income 2,694 830 601 Noninterest revenue 34,702 26,336 20,419 Interest income 45,200 30,595 24,044 Interest expense 25,369 13,834 11,079 Net interest income 19,831 16,761 12,965 Total net revenue 54,533 43,097 33,384 Provision for credit losses 3,483 2,544 1,540 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 18,255 14,506 11,387 Occupancy expense 2,299 2,084 1,912 Technology and communications expense 3,624 3,702 2,844 Professional & outside services 4,224 3,862 2,875 Marketing 1,917 1,335 710 Other expense 3,705 2,859 1,694 Amortization of intangibles 1,525 946 294 Merger costs 722 1,365 — Litigation reserve charge 2,564 3,700 100 Total noninterest expense 38,835 34,359 21,816 Income before income tax expense 12,215 6,194 10,028 Income tax expense 3,732 1,728 3,309 Net income $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 Net income applicable to common stock $ 8,470 $ 4,414 $ 6,668 Net income per common share Basic earnings per share $ 2.43 $ 1.59 $ 3.32 Diluted earnings per share 2.38 1.55 3.24 Average basic shares 3,492 2,780 2,009 Average diluted shares 3,557 2,851 2,055 Cash dividends per common share $ 1.36 $ 1.36 $ 1.36 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 88 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Consolidated balance sheets JPMorgan Chase & Co. At December 31, (in millions, except share data) 2005 2004 Assets Cash and due from banks $ 36,670 $ 35,168 Deposits with banks 21,661 21,680 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 133,981 101,354 Securities borrowed 74,604 47,428 Trading assets (including assets pledged of $79,657 at December 31, 2005, and $77,266 at December 31, 2004) 298,377 288,814 Securities: Available-for-sale (including assets pledged of $17,614 at December 31, 2005, and $26,881 at December 31, 2004) 47,523 94,402 Held-to-maturity (fair value: $80 at December 31, 2005, and $117 at December 31, 2004) 77 110 Interests in purchased receivables 29,740 31,722 Loans 419,148 402,114 Allowance for loan losses (7,090) (7,320) Loans, net of Allowance for loan losses 412,058 394,794 Private equity investments 6,374 7,735 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 22,421 21,409 Premises and equipment 9,081 9,145 Goodwill 43,621 43,203 Other intangible assets: Mortgage servicing rights 6,452 5,080 Purchased credit card relationships 3,275 3,878 All other intangibles 4,832 5,726 Other assets 48,195 45,600 Total assets $ 1,198,942 $1,157,248 Liabilities Deposits: U.S. offices: Noninterest-bearing $ 135,599 $ 129,257 Interest-bearing 287,774 261,673 Non-U.S. offices: Noninterest-bearing 7,476 6,931 Interest-bearing 124,142 123,595 Total deposits 554,991 521,456 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 125,925 127,787 Commercial paper 13,863 12,605 Other borrowed funds 10,479 9,039 Trading liabilities 145,930 151,207 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (including the Allowance for lending-related commitments of $400 at December 31, 2005, and $492 at December 31, 2004) 78,460 75,722 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 42,197 48,061 Long-term debt 108,357 95,422 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities 11,529 10,296 Total liabilities 1,091,731 1,051,595 Commitments and contingencies (see Note 25 of this Annual Report) Stockholders’ equity Preferred stock 139 339 Common stock (authorized 9,000,000,000 shares at December 31, 2005 and 2004; issued 3,618,189,597 shares and 3,584,747,502 shares at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively) 3,618 3,585 Capital surplus 74,994 72,801 Retained earnings 33,848 30,209 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (626) (208) Treasury stock, at cost (131,500,350 shares at December 31, 2005, and 28,556,534 shares at December 31, 2004) (4,762) (1,073) Total stockholders’ equity 107,211 105,653 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 1,198,942 $1,157,248 The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 89 Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity JPMorgan Chase & Co. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Preferred stock Balance at beginning of year $ 339 $ 1,009 $ 1,009 Redemption of preferred stock (200) (670) — Balance at end of year 139 339 1,009 Common stock Balance at beginning of year 3,585 2,044 2,024 Issuance of common stock 33 72 20 Issuance of common stock for purchase accounting acquisitions — 1,469 — Balance at end of year 3,618 3,585 2,044 Capital surplus Balance at beginning of year 72,801 13,512 13,222 Issuance of common stock and options for purchase accounting acquisitions — 55,867 — Shares issued and commitments to issue common stock for employee stock-based awards and related tax effects 2,193 3,422 290 Balance at end of year 74,994 72,801 13,512 Retained earnings Balance at beginning of year 30,209 29,681 25,851 Net income 8,483 4,466 6,719 Cash dividends declared: Preferred stock (13) (52) (51) Common stock ($1.36 per share each year) (4,831) (3,886) (2,838) Balance at end of year 33,848 30,209 29,681 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at beginning of year (208) (30) 1,227 Other comprehensive income (loss) (418) (178) (1,257) Balance at end of year (626) (208) (30) Treasury stock, at cost Balance at beginning of year (1,073) (62) (1,027) Purchase of treasury stock (3,412) (738) — Reissuance from treasury stock — — 1,082 Share repurchases related to employee stock-based awards (277) (273) (117) Balance at end of year (4,762) (1,073) (62) Total stockholders’ equity $ 107,211 $105,653 $ 46,154 Comprehensive income Net income $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 Other comprehensive income (loss) (418) (178) (1,257) Comprehensive income $ 8,065 $ 4,288 $ 5,462 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 90 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Consolidated statements of cash flows JPMorgan Chase & Co. Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Operating activities Net income $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses 3,483 2,544 1,540 Depreciation and amortization 4,318 3,835 3,101 Deferred tax (benefit) provision (1,791) (827) 1,428 Investment securities (gains) losses 1,336 (338) (1,446) Private equity unrealized (gains) losses 55 (766) (77) Gain on dispositions of businesses (1,254) (17) (68) Net change in: Trading assets (3,845) (48,703) (2,671) Securities borrowed (27,290) (4,816) (7,691) Accrued interest and accounts receivable (1,934) (2,391) 1,809 Other assets (9) (17,588) (9,848) Trading liabilities (12,578) 29,764 15,769 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 5,532 13,277 5,973 Other operating adjustments 1,267 (245) 63 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (24,227) (21,805) 14,601 Investing activities Net change in: Deposits with banks 104 (4,196) (1,233) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (32,469) (13,101) (11,059) Other change in loans (148,894) (136,851) (171,779) Held-to-maturity securities: Proceeds 33 66 221 Available-for-sale securities: Proceeds from maturities 31,053 45,197 10,548 Proceeds from sales 82,902 134,534 315,738 Purchases (81,749) (173,745) (301,854) Proceeds due to the sale and securitization of loans 126,310 108,637 170,870 Net cash (used) received in business acquisitions or dispositions (1,039) 13,864 (575) All other investing activities, net 4,796 2,519 1,541 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (18,953) (23,076) 12,418 Financing activities Net change in: Deposits 31,415 52,082 21,851 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements (1,862) 7,065 (56,017) Commercial paper and other borrowed funds 2,618 (4,343) 555 Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and capital debt securities 43,721 25,344 17,195 Repayments of long-term debt and capital debt securities (26,883) (16,039) (8,316) Proceeds from the issuance of stock and stock-related awards 682 848 1,213 Redemption of preferred stock (200) (670) — Treasury stock purchased (3,412) (738) — Cash dividends paid (4,878) (3,927) (2,865) All other financing activities, net 3,868 (26) 133 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 45,069 59,596 (26,251) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and due from banks (387) 185 282 Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks 1,502 14,900 1,050 Cash and due from banks at the beginning of the year 35,168 20,268 19,218 Cash and due from banks at the end of the year $ 36,670 $ 35,168 $ 20,268 Cash interest paid $ 24,583 $ 13,384 $ 10,976 Cash income taxes paid $ 4,758 $ 1,477 $ 1,337 Note: In 2004, the fair values of noncash assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Merger with Bank One were $320.9 billion and $277.0 billion, respectively, and approximately 1,469 million shares of common stock, valued at approximately $57.3 billion, were issued in connection with the merger with Bank One. (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 91 When the SPE does not meet the QSPE criteria, consolidation is assessed pur- suant to FIN 46R. Under FIN 46R, a VIE is defined as an entity that: (1) lacks enough equity investment at risk to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties; (2) has equity owners that lack the right to make significant decisions affecting the entity’s operations; and/or (3) has equity owners that do not have an obligation to absorb or the right to receive the entity’s losses or returns. FIN 46R requires a variable interest holder (i.e., a counterparty to a VIE) to consolidate the VIE if that party will absorb a majority of the expected losses of the VIE, receive the majority of the expected residual returns of the VIE, or both. This party is considered the primary beneficiary. In making this determi- nation, the Firm thoroughly evaluates the VIE’s design, capital structure and relationships among variable interest holders. When the primary beneficiary cannot be identified through a qualitative analysis, the Firm performs a quan- titative analysis, which computes and allocates expected losses or residual returns to variable interest holders. The allocation of expected cash flows in this analysis is based upon the relative contractual rights and preferences of each interest holder in the VIE’s capital structure. For further details, see Note 14 on pages 111–113 of this Annual Report. All retained interests and significant transactions between the Firm, QSPEs and nonconsolidated VIEs are reflected on JPMorgan Chase’s Consolidated balance sheets or in the Notes to consolidated financial statements. Investments in companies that are considered to be voting-interest entities under FIN 46R in which the Firm has significant influence over operating and financing decisions are accounted for in accordance with the equity method of accounting. These investments are generally included in Other assets, and the Firm’s share of income or loss is included in Other income. For a discussion of private equity investments, see Note 9 on pages 103–105 of this Annual Report. Assets held for clients in an agency or fiduciary capacity by the Firm are not assets of JPMorgan Chase and are not included in the Consolidated balance sheets. Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated financial statements The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could be different from these estimates. Note 1 – Basis of presentation JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and businesses, financial transaction processing, investment management, private banking and private equity. For a discussion of the Firm’s business segment information, see Note 31 on pages 130–131 of this Annual Report. The accounting and financial reporting policies of JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and prevailing industry practices. Additionally, where applicable, the policies conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. Certain amounts in the prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include accounts of JPMorgan Chase and other entities in which the Firm has a controlling financial interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority of the voting interests of an entity. However, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as special purpose entities (“SPEs”), through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. SPEs are an important part of the financial markets, providing market liquidity by facilitating investors’ access to specific portfolios of assets and risks. They are, for example, critical to the functioning of the mortgage- and asset- backed securities and commercial paper markets. SPEs may be organized as trusts, partnerships or corporations and are typically set up for a single, discrete purpose. SPEs are not typically operating entities and usually have a limited life and no employees. The basic SPE structure involves a company selling assets to the SPE. The SPE funds the purchase of those assets by issu- ing securities to investors. The legal documents that govern the transaction describe how the cash earned on the assets must be allocated to the SPE’s investors and other parties that have rights to those cash flows. SPEs can be structured to be bankruptcy-remote, thereby insulating investors from the impact of the creditors of other entities, including the seller of the assets. There are two different accounting frameworks applicable to SPEs: the quali- fying SPE (“QSPE”) framework under SFAS 140; and the variable interest entity (“VIE”) framework under FIN 46R. The applicable framework depends on the nature of the entity and the Firm’s relation to that entity. The QSPE framework is applicable when an entity transfers (sells) financial assets to an SPE meeting certain criteria defined in SFAS 140. These criteria are designed to ensure that the activities of the entity are essentially predetermined at the inception of the vehicle and that the transferor of the financial assets cannot exercise control over the entity and the assets therein. Entities meeting these criteria are not consolidated by the transferor or other counterparties, as long as they do not have the unilateral ability to liquidate or to cause the entity to no longer meet the QSPE criteria. The Firm primarily follows the QSPE model for securitizations of its residential and commercial mortgages, credit card loans and automobile loans. For further details, see Note 13 on pages 108–111 of this Annual Report. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 92 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Foreign currency translation JPMorgan Chase revalues assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses denomi- nated in foreign currencies into U.S. dollars using applicable exchange rates. Gains and losses relating to translating functional currency financial statements for U.S. reporting are included in Other comprehensive income (loss) within Stockholders’ equity. Gains and losses relating to nonfunctional currency transactions, including non-U.S. operations where the functional currency is the U.S. dollar and operations in highly inflationary environments, are reported in the Consolidated statements of income. Statements of cash flows For JPMorgan Chase’s Consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are defined as those amounts included in Cash and due from banks. Significant accounting policies The following table identifies JPMorgan Chase’s significant accounting policies and the Note and page where a detailed description of each policy can be found: Trading activities Note 3 Page 94 Other noninterest revenue Note 4 Page 95 Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans Note 6 Page 96 Employee stock-based incentives Note 7 Page 100 Securities and private equity investments Note 9 Page 103 Securities financing activities Note 10 Page 105 Loans Note 11 Page 106 Allowance for credit losses Note 12 Page 107 Loan securitizations Note 13 Page 108 Variable interest entities Note 14 Page 111 Goodwill and other intangible assets Note 15 Page 114 Premises and equipment Note 16 Page 116 Income taxes Note 22 Page 120 Accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities Note 26 Page 123 Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees Note 27 Page 124 Fair value of financial instruments Note 29 Page 126 Note 2 – Business changes and developments Merger with Bank One Corporation Bank One Corporation merged with and into JPMorgan Chase (the “Merger”) on July 1, 2004. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of common stock of Bank One was converted in a stock-for-stock exchange into 1.32 shares of common stock of JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase stockholders kept their shares, which remained outstanding and unchanged as shares of JPMorgan Chase following the Merger. Key objectives of the Merger were to provide the Firm with a more balanced business mix and greater geographic diversification. The Merger was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of Bank One be fair valued as of July 1, 2004. The purchase price to complete the Merger was $58.5 billion. As part of the Merger, certain accounting policies and practices were conformed, which resulted in $976 million of charges in 2004. The significant components of the conformity charges comprised a $1.4 billion charge related to the decer- tification of the seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, and the benefit of a $584 million reduction in the allowance for credit losses as a result of conforming the wholesale and consumer credit provision methodologies. The final purchase price of the Merger has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using their fair values as of the merger date. The computation of the purchase price and the allocation of the purchase price to the net assets of Bank One – based on their respective fair values as of July 1, 2004 – and the resulting goodwill are presented below. (in millions, except per share amounts) July 1, 2004 Purchase price Bank One common stock exchanged 1,113 Exchange ratio 1.32 JPMorgan Chase common stock issued 1,469 Average purchase price per JPMorgan Chase common share (a) $ 39.02 $ 57,336 Fair value of employee stock awards and direct acquisition costs 1,210 Total purchase price $ 58,546 Net assets acquired: Bank One stockholders’ equity $ 24,156 Bank One goodwill and other intangible assets (2,754) Subtotal 21,402 Adjustments to reflect assets acquired at fair value: Loans and leases (2,261) Private equity investments (72) Identified intangibles 8,665 Pension plan assets (778) Premises and equipment (417) Other assets (267) Amounts to reflect liabilities assumed at fair value: Deposits (373) Deferred income taxes 932 Other postretirement benefit plan liabilities (49) Other liabilities (1,162) Long-term debt (1,234) 24,386 Goodwill resulting from Merger (b) $ 34,160 (a) The value of the Firm’s common stock exchanged with Bank One shareholders was based on the average closing prices of the Firm’s common stock for the two days prior to, and the two days following, the announcement of the Merger on January 14, 2004. (b) Goodwill resulting from the Merger reflects adjustments of the allocation of the purchase price to the net assets acquired through June 30, 2005. Minor adjustments subsequent to June 30, 2005, are reflected in the December 31, 2005 Goodwill balance in Note 15 on page 114 of this Annual Report. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 93 Condensed statement of net assets acquired The following condensed statement of net assets acquired reflects the fair value of Bank One net assets as of July 1, 2004. (in millions) July 1, 2004 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 14,669 Securities 70,512 Interests in purchased receivables 30,184 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 129,650 Goodwill and other intangible assets 42,825 All other assets 47,739 Total assets $ 335,579 Liabilities Deposits $ 164,848 Short-term borrowings 9,811 All other liabilities 61,494 Long-term debt 40,880 Total liabilities 277,033 Net assets acquired $ 58,546 Acquired, identifiable intangible assets Components of the fair value of acquired, identifiable intangible assets as of July 1, 2004, were as follows: Fair value Weighted average Useful life (in millions) life (in years) (in years) Core deposit intangibles $ 3,650 5.1 Up to 10 Purchased credit card relationships 3,340 4.6 Up to 10 Other credit card–related intangibles 295 4.6 Up to 10 Other customer relationship intangibles 870 4.6–10.5 Up to 20 Subtotal 8,155 5.1 Up to 20 Indefinite-lived asset management intangibles 510 NA NA Total $ 8,665 Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presents the results of operations of the Firm had the Merger taken place at January 1, 2003. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share) 2004 2003 Noninterest revenue $ 31,175 $ 28,966 Net interest income 21,366 21,715 Total net revenue 52,541 50,681 Provision for credit losses 2,727 3,570 Noninterest expense 40,504 33,136 Income before income tax expense 9,310 13,975 Net income $ 6,544 $ 9,330 Net income per common share: Basic $ 1.85 $ 2.66 Diluted 1.81 2.61 Average common shares outstanding: Basic 3,510 3,495 Diluted 3,593 3,553 Other business events Collegiate Funding Services On March 1, 2006, JPMorgan Chase acquired, for approximately $663 million, Collegiate Funding Services, a leader in student loan servicing and consolida- tion. This acquisition will enable the Firm to create a comprehensive education finance business. BrownCo On November 30, 2005, JPMorgan Chase sold BrownCo, an on-line deep- discount brokerage business, to E*TRADE Financial for a cash purchase price of $1.6 billion. JPMorgan Chase recognized an after-tax gain of $752 million. BrownCo’s results of operations are reported in the Asset & Wealth Management business segment; however, the gain on the sale, which is recorded in Other income in the Consolidated statements of income, is reported in the Corporate business segment. Sears Canada credit card business On November 15, 2005, JPMorgan Chase purchased Sears Canada Inc.’s credit card operation, including both the private-label card accounts and the co-branded Sears MasterCard ® accounts. The credit card operation includes approximately 10 million accounts with $2.2 billion (CAD$2.5 billion) in managed loans. Sears Canada and JPMorgan Chase entered into an ongoing arrangement under which JPMorgan Chase will offer private-label and co- branded credit cards to both new and existing customers of Sears Canada. Chase Merchant Services, Paymentech integration On October 5, 2005, JPMorgan Chase and First Data Corp. completed the integration of the companies’ jointly owned Chase Merchant Services and Paymentech merchant businesses, to be operated under the name of Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC. The joint venture is the largest financial transaction processor in the U.S. for businesses accepting credit card payments via traditional point of sale, Internet, catalog and recurring billing. As a result of the integration into a joint venture, Paymentech has been deconsolidated and JPMorgan Chase’s ownership interest in this joint venture is accounted for in accordance with the equity method of accounting. Neovest Holdings, Inc. On September 1, 2005, JPMorgan Chase completed its acquisition of Neovest Holdings, Inc., a provider of high-performance trading technology and direct market access. This transaction will enable the Investment Bank to offer a leading, broker-neutral trading platform across asset classes to institutional investors, asset managers and hedge funds. Vastera On April 1, 2005, JPMorgan Chase acquired Vastera, a provider of global trade management solutions, for approximately $129 million. Vastera’s business was combined with the Logistics and Trade Services businesses of TSS’ Treasury Services unit. Vastera automates trade management processes asso- ciated with the physical movement of goods internationally; the acquisition enables TS to offer management of information and processes in support of physical goods movement, together with financial settlement. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 94 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report JPMorgan Partners On March 1, 2005, the Firm announced that the management team of JPMorgan Partners, LLC, a private equity unit of the Firm, will become independent when it completes the investment of the current $6.5 billion Global Fund, which it advises. The buyout and growth equity professionals of JPMorgan Partners will form a new independent firm, CCMP Capital, LLC, and the venture professionals will separately form a new independent firm, Panorama Capital, LLC. JPMorgan Chase has committed to invest the lesser of $875 million or 24.9% of the limited part- nership interests in the fund to be raised by CCMP Capital, and has committed to invest the lesser of $50 million or 24.9% of the limited partnership interests in the fund to be raised by Panorama Capital. The investment professionals of CCMP and Panorama will continue to manage the JPMP investments pursuant to a management agreement with the Firm. Cazenove On February 28, 2005, JPMorgan Chase and Cazenove Group plc (“Cazenove”) formed a business partnership which combined Cazenove’s investment banking business and JPMorgan Chase’s U.K.-based investment banking business in order to provide investment banking services in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The new company is called JPMorgan Cazenove Holdings. Other acquisitions During 2004, JPMorgan Chase purchased the Electronic Financial Services (“EFS”) business from Citigroup and acquired a majority interest in hedge fund manager Highbridge Capital Management (“Highbridge”). Note 3 – Trading activities Trading assets include debt and equity securities held for trading purposes that JPMorgan Chase owns (“long” positions). Trading liabilities include debt and equity securities that the Firm has sold to other parties but does not own (“short” positions). The Firm is obligated to purchase securities at a future date to cover the short positions. Included in Trading assets and Trading liabil- ities are the reported receivables (unrealized gains) and payables (unrealized losses) related to derivatives. These amounts include the derivative assets and liabilities net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements. At December 31, 2005, the amount of cash received and paid was approximately $26.7 billion and $18.9 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2004, the amount of cash received and paid was approximately $32.2 billion and $22.0 billion, respectively. Trading positions are carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets. Trading revenue Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Fixed income and other (b) $ 4,554 $ 2,976 $ 4,046 Equities (c) 1,271 797 764 Credit portfolio (d) 35 (161) (383) Total $ 5,860 $ 3,612 $ 4,427 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes bonds and commercial paper and various types of interest rate derivatives as well as foreign exchange and commodities. (c) Includes equity securities and equity derivatives. (d) Includes credit derivatives. Trading assets and liabilities The following table presents the fair value of Trading assets and Trading liabilities for the dates indicated: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Trading assets Debt and equity instruments: U.S. government and federal agency obligations $ 16,283 $ 16,867 U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations 24,172 23,513 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 9,887 3,486 Certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and commercial paper 5,652 7,341 Debt securities issued by non-U.S. governments 48,671 50,699 Corporate securities and other 143,925 120,926 Total debt and equity instruments 248,590 222,832 Derivative receivables: Interest rate 30,416 45,892 Foreign exchange 2,855 7,939 Equity 5,575 6,120 Credit derivatives 3,464 2,945 Commodity 7,477 3,086 Total derivative receivables 49,787 65,982 Total trading assets $ 298,377 $ 288,814 Trading liabilities Debt and equity instruments (a) $ 94,157 $ 87,942 Derivative payables: Interest rate 28,488 41,075 Foreign exchange 3,453 8,969 Equity 11,539 9,096 Credit derivatives 2,445 2,499 Commodity 5,848 1,626 Total derivative payables 51,773 63,265 Total trading liabilities $ 145,930 $ 151,207 (a) Primarily represents securities sold, not yet purchased. Average Trading assets and liabilities were as follows for the periods indicated: Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Trading assets – debt and equity instruments $237,370 $ 200,467 $154,597 Trading assets – derivative receivables 57,365 59,521 85,628 Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments (b) $ 93,102 $ 82,204 $ 72,877 Trading liabilities – derivative payables 55,723 52,761 67,783 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Primarily represents securities sold, not yet purchased. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 95 Note 4 – Other noninterest revenue Investment banking fees This revenue category includes advisory and equity and debt underwriting fees. Advisory fees are recognized as revenue when related services are performed. Underwriting fees are recognized as revenue when the Firm has rendered all services to the issuer and is entitled to collect the fee from the issuer, as long as there are no other contingencies associated with the fee (e.g., the fee is not contingent upon the customer obtaining financing). Underwriting fees are net of syndicate expenses. In addition, the Firm recognizes credit arrangement and syndication fees as revenue after satisfying certain retention, timing and yield criteria. The following table presents the components of Investment banking fees: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Underwriting: Equity $ 864 $ 780 $ 699 Debt 1,969 1,859 1,549 Total Underwriting 2,833 2,639 2,248 Advisory 1,255 898 642 Total $ 4,088 $ 3,537 $ 2,890 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Lending & deposit related fees This revenue category includes fees from loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, deposit-related fees in lieu of compensating balances, cash management-related activities or transactions, deposit accounts, and other loan servicing activities. These fees are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided. Asset management, administration and commissions This revenue category includes fees from investment management and related services, custody and institutional trust services, brokerage services, insurance premiums and commissions and other products. These fees are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided. Mortgage fees and related income This revenue category includes fees and income derived from mortgage origi- nation, sales and servicing, and includes the effect of risk management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline, warehouse and the mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) asset (excluding gains and losses on the sale of Available-for- sale (“AFS”) securities). Origination fees and gains or losses on loan sales are recognized in income upon sale. Mortgage servicing fees are recognized over the period the related service is provided, net of amortization. Valuation changes in the mortgage pipeline, warehouse, MSR asset and corresponding risk management instruments are generally adjusted through earnings as these changes occur. Net interest income and securities gains and losses on AFS securities used in mortgage-related risk management activities are not included in Mortgage fees and related income. For a further discussion of MSRs, see Note 15 on pages 114–116 of this Annual Report. Credit card income This revenue category includes interchange income from credit and debit cards, annual fees, and servicing fees earned in connection with securitization activities. Volume-related payments to partners and expenses for rewards programs are also recorded within Credit card income. Fee revenues are recognized as earned, except for annual fees, which are recognized over a 12-month period. Expenses related to rewards programs are recorded when earned by the customer. Credit card revenue sharing agreements The Firm has contractual agreements with numerous affinity organizations and co-brand partners, which grant to the Firm exclusive rights to market to their members or customers. These organizations and partners provide to the Firm their endorsement of the credit card programs, mailing lists, and may also conduct marketing activities and provide awards under the various credit card programs. The terms of these agreements generally range from 3 to 10 years. The economic incentives the Firm pays to the endorsing organizations and partners typically include payments based upon new accounts, activation, charge volumes, and the cost of their marketing activities and awards. The Firm recognizes the portion of payments based upon new accounts to the affinity organizations and co-brand partners, as deferred loan origination costs. The Firm defers these costs and amortizes them over 12 months. Payments based upon charge volumes and considered by the Firm as revenue sharing with the affinity organizations and co-brand partners are deducted from Credit card income as the related revenue is earned. The Firm expenses payments based upon marketing efforts performed by the endorsing organization or partner to activate a new account as incurred. These costs are recorded within Noninterest expense. Note 5 – Interest income and interest expense Details of Interest income and Interest expense were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions)(a) 2005 2004 2003 Interest income Loans $ 26,062 $ 16,771 $ 11,812 Securities 3,129 3,377 3,542 Trading assets 9,117 7,527 6,592 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 4,125 1,627 1,497 Securities borrowed 1,154 463 323 Deposits with banks 680 539 214 Interests in purchased receivables 933 291 64 Total interest income 45,200 30,595 24,044 Interest expense Interest-bearing deposits 10,295 4,630 3,604 Short-term and other liabilities 9,542 6,260 5,871 Long-term debt 4,160 2,466 1,498 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 1,372 478 106 Total interest expense 25,369 13,834 11,079 Net interest income 19,831 16,761 12,965 Provision for credit losses 3,483 2,544 1,540 Net interest income after provision for credit losses $ 16,348 $ 14,217 $ 11,425 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 96 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Note 6 – Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans New U.S.-based postretirement plans were introduced in 2005 after the Bank One plans were merged into the heritage JPMorgan Chase plans as of December 31, 2004. The Firm’s defined benefit pension plans are accounted for in accordance with SFAS 87 and SFAS 88. The postretirement medical and life insurance plans are accounted for in accordance with SFAS 106. The Firm uses a measurement date of December 31 for pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans. In addition, as of August 1, 2005, the U.S. postretirement medical and life insurance plan was remeasured to reflect a mid-year plan amendment and the final Medicare Part D regulations that were issued on January 21, 2005. For the Firm’s defined benefit pension plan assets, fair value is used to determine the expected return on pension plan assets. For the Firm’s other postretirement employee benefit plan assets, a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value over a five-year period is used to determine the expected return on other postretirement employee benefit plan assets. Unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs associated with the U.S. defined benefit pension plan are amor- tized over the average future service period of plan participants, which is currently 10 years. For other postretirement employee benefit plans, unrecog- nized gains and losses are also amortized over the average future service period, which is currently 8 years. However, prior service costs associated with other postretirement employee benefit plans are recognized over the average years of service remaining to full eligibility age, which is currently 6 years. Defined Benefit Pension Plans The Firm has a qualified noncontributory U.S. defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to substantially all U.S. employees. The U.S. plan employs a cash balance formula, in the form of salary and interest credits, to determine the benefits to be provided at retirement, based upon eligible compensation and years of service. Employees begin to accrue plan benefits after completing one year of service, and benefits generally vest after five years of service. The Firm also offers benefits through defined benefit pension plans to qualifying employees in certain non-U.S. locations based upon eligible compensation and years of service. It is the Firm’s policy to fund the pension plans in amounts sufficient to meet the requirements under applicable employee benefit and local tax laws. The Firm did not make any U.S. pension plan contributions in 2005 and based upon the current funded status of this plan, the Firm does not expect to make significant contributions in 2006. In 2004, the Firm made a cash contribution to its U.S. defined benefit pension plan of $1.1 billion, funding the plan to the maximum allowable amount under applicable tax law. Additionally, the Firm made cash contributions totaling $78 million and $40 million to fully fund the accumulated benefit obligations of certain non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Postretirement medical and life insurance JPMorgan Chase offers postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain retirees and qualifying U.S. employees. These benefits vary with length of service and date of hire and provide for limits on the Firm’s share of covered medical benefits. The medical benefits are contributory, while the life insurance benefits are noncontributory. As of August 1, 2005, the eligibility requirements for U.S. employees to qualify for subsidized retiree medical coverage were revised and life insurance coverage was eliminated for active employees retiring after 2005. Postretirement medical benefits also are offered to qualifying U.K. employees. In December 2003, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Act”) was enacted. The Act established a prescription drug benefit under Medicare (“Medicare Part D”) and a federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans that provide a benefit that is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. The Firm has deter- mined that benefits provided to certain participants are at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D and has reflected the effects of the subsidy in the financial statements and disclosures retroactive to the beginning of 2004 (July 1, 2004 for Bank One plans) in accordance with FSP SFAS 106-2. JPMorgan Chase’s U.S. postretirement benefit obligation is partially funded with corporate-owned life insurance (“COLI”) purchased on the lives of eligible employees and retirees. While the Firm owns the COLI policies, COLI proceeds (death benefits, withdrawals and other distributions) may be used only to reimburse the Firm for net postretirement benefit claim payments and related administrative expenses. The U.K. postretirement benefit plan is unfunded. The following tables present the funded status and amounts reported on the Consolidated balance sheets, the accumulated benefit obligation and the components of net periodic benefit costs reported in the Consolidated state- ments of income for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans: JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 97 Defined benefit pension plans U.S. Non-U.S. Other postretir ement benefit plans(c)(d) December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004(b) 2005 2004(b) 2005 2004(b) Change in benefit obligation Benefit obligation at beginning of year $ (7,594) $ (4,633) $ (1,969) $ (1,659) $ (1,577) $ (1,252) Merger with Bank One — (2,497) — (25) — (216) Cazenove business partnership — — (291) — — — Benefits earned during the year (280) (251) (25) (17) (13) (15) Interest cost on benefit obligations (431) (348) (104) (87) (81) (81) Plan amendments — 70 — — 117 32 Employee contributions — — — — (44) (36) Actuarial gain (loss) (122) (511) (310) (99) 21 (163) Benefits paid 723 555 66 64 187 167 Curtailments 28 21 — — (9) (8) Special termination benefits — — — (12) (1) (2) Foreign exchange impact and other — — 255 (134) 5 (3) Benefit obligation at end of year $ (7,676) $ (7,594) $ (2,378) $ (1,969) $ (1,395) $ (1,577) Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year $ 9,637 $ 4,866 $ 1,889 $ 1,603 $ 1,302 $ 1,149 Merger with Bank One — 3,280 — 20 — 98 Cazenove business partnership — — 252 — — — Actual return on plan assets 703 946 308 164 43 84 Firm contributions — 1,100 78 40 3 2 Benefits paid (723) (555) (66) (64) (19) (31) Foreign exchange impact and other — — (238) 126 — — Fair value of plan assets at end of year $ 9,617 (e) $ 9,637 (e) $ 2,223 $ 1,889 $ 1,329 $ 1,302 Reconciliation of funded status Funded status $ 1,941 $ 2,043 $ (155) $ (80) $ (66) $ (275) Unrecognized amounts: (a) Net transition asset — — — (1) — — Prior service cost 40 47 3 4 (105) (23) Net actuarial loss 1,078 997 599 590 335 321 Prepaid benefit cost reported in Other assets $ 3,059 $ 3,087 $ 447 (f) $ 513 (f) $ 164 $2 3 Accumulated benefit obligation $ (7,274) $ (7,167) $ (2,303) $ (1,931) NA NA (a) For pension benefit plans, the unrecognized net loss is primarily the result of declines in interest rates in recent years, a s offset by recent asset gains and amounts recognized through amortization in expense. Other factors that contribute to this unrecognized amount include demographic experience, which differs from expected, and changes in other actuarial assumptions. For other postretirement benefit plans, the primary drivers of the cumulative unrecognized loss was the decline in the discount rate in recent years and the medical trend, which was higher than expected. These losses have been offset somewhat by the recognition of future savings attributable to Medicare Part D subsidy payments. (b) Effective July 1, 2004, the Firm assumed the obligations of heritage Bank One’s pension and postretirement plans. These plans were similar to those of JPMorgan Chase and were merged into the Firm’s plans effective December 31, 2004. (c) The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 resulted in a $35 million reduction in the Accumula ted other postretirement benefit obligation as of January 1, 2004. During 2005, an additional $116 million reduction was reflected for recognition of the final Medicare Part D regulations issued on January 21, 2005. (d) Includes postretirement benefit obligation of $44 million and $43 million and postretirement benefit liability (included in Accrued expenses) of $50 million and $57 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, for the U.K. plan, which is unfunded. (e) At December 31, 2005 and 2004, approximately $405 million and $358 million, respectively, of U.S. plan assets relate to surplus assets of group annuity contracts. (f) At December 31, 2005 and 2004, Accrued expenses related to non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans that JPMorgan Chase elected not to prefund fully totaled $164 million and $124 million, respectively. Defined benefit pension plans U.S. Non-U.S. Other postretirement benefit plans For the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004(a) 2003(b) 2005 2004(a) 2003(b) 2005(c) 2004(a)(c) 2003(b) Components of net periodic benefit cost Benefits earned during the period $ 280 $ 251 $ 180 $2 5 $1 7 $1 6 $1 3 $1 5 $1 5 Interest cost on benefit obligations 431 348 262 104 87 74 81 81 73 Expected return on plan assets (694) (556) (322) (109) (90) (83) (90) (86) (92) Amortization of unrecognized amounts: Prior service cost 5 13 6 1 1— (10) —1 Net actuarial loss 4 23 62 38 44 35 12 —— Curtailment (gain) loss 2 72 — —8 (17) 82 Settlement (gain) loss — —— — (1) — — —— Special termination benefits — —— — 11 — 1 2— Reported net periodic benefit costs $ 28 $ 86 $ 190 $5 9 $6 9 $5 0 $ (10) $ 20 $ (1) (a) Effective July 1, 2004, the Firm assumed the obligations of heritage Bank One’s pension and postretirement plans. These plans w ere similar to those of JPMorgan Chase and were merged into the Firm’s plans effective December 31, 2004. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase results only for 2003. (c) The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 resulted in a $15 million and $5 million reduction in 2005 and 2004, respectively, in net periodic benefit cost. The impact on 2005 cost was higher as a result of the final Medicare Part D regulations issued on January 21, 2005. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 98 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report U.S. Non-U.S. For the year ended December 31, 2005 2004 2005 2004 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations Discount rate: Pension 5.70% 5.75% 2.00-4.70% 2.00-5.30% Postretirement benefit 5.65 5.75 4.7 5.3 Rate of compensation increase 4.00 4.50 3.00-3.75 1.75-3.75 U.S. Non-U.S. For the year ended December 31, 2005 2004 2003 (b) 2005 2004 2003 (b) Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs Discount rate 5.75% (a) 6.00% 6.50% 2.00-5.30% 2.00-5.75% 1.50-5.60% Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets: Pension 7.50 7.50-7.75 8.00 3.25-5.75 3.00-6.50 2.70-6.50 Postretirement benefit 4.75-7.00 4.75-7.00 8.00 NA NA NA Rate of compensation increase 4.00 4.25-4.50 4.50 1.75-3.75 1.75-3.75 1.25-3.00 (a) The postretirement plan was remeasured as of August 1, 2005, and a rate of 5.25% was used from the period of August 1, 2005, thr ough December 31, 2005. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase results only for 2003. long-term rate of return on U.K. plan assets is an average of projected long- term returns for each asset class, selected by reference to the yield on long-term U.K. government bonds and AA-rated long-term corporate bonds, plus an equity risk premium above the risk-free rate. In 2005, the discount rate used in determining the benefit obligation under the U.S. pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans was selected by reference to the yield on a portfolio of bonds whose redemptions and coupons closely match each of the plan’s projected cash flows; such portfolio is derived from a broad-based universe of high quality corporate bonds as of the measurement date. In years in which this hypothetical bond portfolio generates excess cash, such excess is assumed to be reinvested at the one- year forward rates implied by the Citigroup Pension Discount Curve published as of the measurement date. Prior to 2005, discount rates were selected by reference to the year-end Moody’s corporate AA rate, as well as other high-quality indices with a duration that was similar to that of the respective plan’s benefit obligations. The discount rate for the U.K. pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans was determined by matching the dura- tion of the Firm’s obligations with the corresponding duration from the yield curve of the year-end iBoxx £ corporate AA 15-year-plus bond index. The following tables present the weighted-average annualized actuarial assumptions for the projected and accumulated benefit obligations, and the components of net periodic benefit costs for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans, as of year-end. JPMorgan Chase has a number of other defined benefit pension plans (i.e., U.S. plans not subject to Title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act). The most significant of these plans is the Excess Retirement Plan, pursuant to which certain employees earn service credits on compensation amounts above the maximum stipulated by law. This plan is a nonqualified, noncon- tributory U.S. pension plan with an unfunded liability at December 31, 2005 and 2004, in the amount of $273 million and $292 million, respectively. Compensation expense related to this pension plan totaled $21 million in 2005, $28 million in 2004 and $19 million in 2003. Plan assumptions JPMorgan Chase’s expected long-term rate of return for U.S. pension and other postretirement employee benefit plan assets is a blended average of the investment advisor’s projected long-term (10 years or more) returns for the various asset classes, weighted by the portfolio allocation. Asset-class returns are developed using a forward-looking building-block approach and are not based strictly upon historical returns. Equity returns are generally developed as the sum of inflation, expected real earnings growth and expected long- term dividend yield. Bond returns are generally developed as the sum of infla- tion, real bond yield and risk spread (as appropriate), adjusted for the expected effect on returns from changing yields. Other asset-class returns are derived from their relationship to the equity and bond markets. In the U.K., which represents the most significant of the non-U.S. pension plans, procedures similar to those in the U.S. are used to develop the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, taking into consideration local market conditions and the specific allocation of plan assets. The expected JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 99 JPMorgan Chase’s U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses are most sensitive to the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. With all other assumptions held constant, a 25–basis point decline in the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets would result in an increase of approximately $26 million in 2006 U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses. A 25–basis point decline in the discount rate for the U.S. plans would result in an increase in 2006 U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses of approximately $20 million and an increase in the related projected benefit obligations of approximately $233 million. A 25-basis point decline in the discount rates for the non-U.S. plans would result in an increase in the 2006 non-U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses of $12 million. A 25-basis point increase in the interest crediting rate would result in an increase in 2006 U.S. pension expense of approximately $18 million. Investment strategy and asset allocation The investment policy for the Firm’s postretirement employee benefit plan assets is to optimize the risk-return relationship as appropriate to the respective plan’s needs and goals, using a global portfolio of various asset classes diversified by market segment, economic sector, and issuer. Specifically, the goal is to optimize the asset mix for future benefit obligations, while managing various risk factors and each plan’s investment return objectives. For example, long-duration fixed income securities are included in the U.S. qualified pension plan’s asset allocation, in recognition of its long-duration obligations. Plan assets are managed by a combination of internal and external investment managers and, on a quarterly basis, are rebalanced to target, to the extent economically practical. The Firm’s U.S. pension plan assets are held in various trusts and are invested in well-diversified portfolios of equities (including U.S. large and small capital- ization and international equities), fixed income (including corporate and government bonds), Treasury inflation-indexed and high-yield securities, cash equivalents, and other securities. Non-U.S. pension plan assets are held in various trusts and are similarly invested in well-diversified portfolios of equity, fixed income and other securities. Assets of the Firm’s COLI policies, which are used to fund partially the U.S. postretirement benefit plan, are held in separate accounts with an insurance company and are invested in equity and fixed income index funds. In addition, tax-exempt municipal debt securities, held in a trust, are used to fund the U.S. postretirement benefit plan. As of December 31, 2005, the assets used to fund the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans do not include JPMorgan Chase common stock, except in connection with investments in third-party stock-index funds. The following tables present JPMorgan Chase’s assumed weighted-average medical benefits cost trend rate, which is used to measure the expected cost of benefits at year-end, and the effect of a one-percentage-point change in the assumed medical benefits cost trend rate. December 31, 2005 2004(a) 2003(b) Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 10% 10% 10% Rate to which cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 5 55 Year that rate reaches ultimate trend rate 2012 2011 2010 (in millions) 1-Percentage- 1-Percentage- For the year ended December 31,2005 point increase point decrease Effect on total service and interest costs $4 $ (3) Effect on postretirement benefit obligation 64 (55) (a) Effective July 1, 2004, the Firm assumed the obligations of heritage Bank One’s pension and postretirement plans. These plans were similar to those of JPMorgan Chase and were merged into the Firm’s plans effective December 31, 2004. (b) 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. At December 31, 2005, the Firm reduced the discount rate used to determine its U.S. benefit obligations to 5.70% for the pension plan and to 5.65% for the postretirement benefits plans from the prior year rate of 5.75% for both plans. The Firm also changed the health care benefit obligation trend assumption to 10% for 2006, grading down to an ultimate rate of 5% in 2013. The 2006 expected long-term rate of return on its U.S. pension plan assets remained at 7.50%. The 2006 expected long-term rate of return on the Firm’s COLI post- retirement plan assets remained at 7.00%; however, with the merger of Bank One’s other postretirement plan assets, the Firm’s overall expected long-term rate of return on U.S. postretirement employee benefit plan assets decreased to 6.84% and 6.80% in 2005 and 2004, respectively, to reflect a weighted average expected rate of return for the merged plan. The interest crediting rate assumption used to determine pension benefits changed to 5.00% from 4.75% in 2005, primarily due to changes in market interest rates which will result in additional expense of $18 million. The changes as of December 31, 2005, to the discount rates are expected to increase 2006 U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses by approximately $5 million and to the non- U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses by $23 million. The rate of compensation increase assumption of 4.00% at December 31, 2005, reflects the consolidation of the prior JPMorgan Chase and Bank One age-weighted increase assumptions; the impact to expense is not expected to be material. The following table presents the weighted-average asset allocation at December 31 for the years indicated, and the respective ta rget allocation by asset category, for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans. Defined benefit pension plans U.S. Non-U.S. (a) Postretirement benefit plans (b) Target % of plan assets Target % of plan assets Target % of plan assets December 31, Allocation 2005 2004 Allocation 2005 2004 Allocation 2005 2004 Asset category Debt securities 30% 33% 38% 74% 75% 76% 50% 54% 54% Equity securities 55 57 53 25 24 24 50 46 46 Real estate 5 6 51 1 —— — — Other 10 4 4— — —— — — Total 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% (a) Represents the U.K. defined benefit pension plan only, as plans outside the U.K. are not significant. (b) Represents the U.S. postretirement benefit plan only, as the U.K. plan is unfunded. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 100 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Defined contribution plans JPMorgan Chase offers several defined contribution plans in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. locations. The most significant of these plans is the 401(k) Savings Plan, which covers substantially all U.S. employees. The 401(k) Savings Plan allows employees to make pre-tax contributions to tax-deferred investment portfolios. The JPMorgan Chase Common Stock Fund within the 401(k) Savings Plan is a nonleveraged employee stock ownership plan. The Firm matches eligible employee contributions up to a certain percentage of benefits-eligible compensation per pay period, subject to plan and legal limits. Employees begin to receive matching contributions after completing a specified service requirement and are immediately vested in such company contributions. The Firm’s defined contribution plans are administered in accordance with applicable local laws and regulations. Compensation expense related to these plans totaled $392 million in 2005, $317 million in 2004 and $240 million in 2003. Note 7 – Employee stock-based incentives Effective January 1, 2003, JPMorgan Chase adopted SFAS 123 using the prospective transition method. SFAS 123 requires all stock-based compensation awards, including stock options and stock-settled stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), to be accounted for at fair value. The Firm currently uses the Black- Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock options and SARs. Stock options that were outstanding as of December 31, 2002, continue to be accounted for under APB 25 using the intrinsic value method. Under this method, no expense is recognized for stock options or SARs granted at the stock price on grant date, since such options have no intrinsic value. Compensation expense for restricted stock and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is measured based upon the number of shares granted and the stock price at the grant date. Compensation expense is recognized in earnings over the required service period. In connection with the Merger in 2004, JPMorgan Chase converted all out- standing Bank One employee stock-based awards at the merger date, and those awards became exercisable for or based upon JPMorgan Chase common stock. The number of awards converted, and the exercise prices of those awards, was adjusted to take into account the Merger exchange ratio of 1.32. On December 16, 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 123R, which revises SFAS 123 and supersedes APB 25. In March 2005, the SEC issued SAB 107, which provides interpretive guidance on SFAS 123R. Accounting and reporting under SFAS 123R is generally similar to the SFAS 123 approach. However, SFAS 123R requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options and SARs, to be recognized in the income statement based upon their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. SFAS 123R permits adoption using one of two methods — modified prospective or modified retrospective. In April 2005, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission approved a new rule that, for public companies, delayed the effective date of SFAS 123R to no later than January 1, 2006. The Firm adopted SFAS 123R on January 1, 2006, under the modified prospective method. Key employee stock-based awards In 2005, JPMorgan Chase granted long-term stock-based awards under the 1996 Long-Term Incentive Plan as amended (“the 1996 Plan”) until May 2005 and under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“the 2005 Plan”) thereafter to certain key employees. These two plans, plus prior Firm plans and plans assumed as the result of acquisitions, constitute the Firm’s plans (“LTI Plans”). The 2005 Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors on March 15, 2005, and became effective on May 17, 2005, after approval by shareholders at the annual meeting. The 2005 Plan replaces three existing stock compensation plans—the 1996 Plan and two non-shareholder approved plans—all of which expired in May 2005. Under the terms of the 2005 Plan, 275 million shares of common stock are available for issuance during its five-year term. The 2005 Plan is the only active plan under which the Firm is currently granting stock-based incentive awards. In 2005, 15.5 million SARs settled only in shares and 1.7 million nonqualified stock options were granted. Under the LTI Plans, stock options and SARs are granted with an exercise price equal to JPMorgan Chase’s common stock price on the grant date. Generally, options and SARs cannot be exercised until at least one year after the grant date and become exercisable over various periods as determined at the time of the grant. These awards generally expire 10 years after the grant date. In December 2005, the Firm accelerated the vesting of approximately 41 million unvested, out-of-the-money employee stock options granted in 2001 under the Growth and Performance Incentive Program (“GPIP”), which were scheduled to vest in January 2007. These options were not modified other than to accelerate vesting. The related expense was approximately $145 million, and was recognized as compensation expense in the fourth quarter of 2005. The Firm believes that at the time the options were accelerated they had limited economic value since the exercise price of the accelerated options was $51.22 and the closing price of the Firm’s common stock on the effective date of the acceleration was $39.69. Estimated future benefit payments The following table presents benefit payments expected to be paid, which include the effect of expected future service, for the y ears indicated. The postretirement medical and life insurance payments are net of expected retiree contributions. Non- Other postretirement Year ended December 31, U.S. pension U.S. pension benefits before (in millions) benefits benefits Medicare Part D subsidy Medicare Part D subsidy 2006 $ 558 $ 67 $ 124 $ 14 2007 550 70 127 15 2008 565 74 127 16 2009 584 77 128 17 2010 600 81 129 19 Years 2011–2015 3,266 396 633 111 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 101 The following table presents a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s option and SAR activity under the LTI Plans during the last three ye ars: 2005 2004 2003 Year ended December 31, (a) Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average (Options/SARs in thousands) options/SARs exercise price options/SARs exercise price options exercise price Outstanding, January 1 376,330 $ 37.59 294,026 $ 39.88 298,731 $ 40.84 Granted 17,248 35.55 16,667 39.79 26,751 22.15 Bank One Conversion, July 1 NA NA 111,287 29.63 NA NA Exercised (26,731) 24.28 (27,763) 25.33 (14,574) 17.47 Canceled (28,272) 44.77 (17,887) 46.68 (16,882) 47.57 Outstanding, December 31 338,575 $ 37.93 376,330 $ 37.59 294,026 $ 39.88 Exercisable, December 31 286,017 $ 38.89 246,945 $ 36.82 176,163 $ 37.88 (a) 2004 includes six months of awards for the combined Firm and six months of awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase. 2003 reflects the awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Restricted stock and RSUs are granted by JPMorgan Chase at no cost to the recipient. These awards are subject to forfeiture until certain restrictions have lapsed, including continued employment for a specified period. The recipient of a share of restricted stock is entitled to voting rights and dividends on the common stock. An RSU entitles the recipient to receive a share of common stock after the applicable restrictions lapse; the recipient is entitled to receive cash payments equivalent to any dividends paid on the underlying common stock during the period the RSU is outstanding. Effective January 2005, the equity portion of the Firm’s annual incentive awards were granted primarily in the form of RSUs. The vesting of certain awards issued prior to 2002 is conditioned upon certain service requirements being met and JPMorgan Chase’s common stock reaching and sustaining target prices within a five-year performance period. During 2002, it was determined that it was no longer probable that the target stock prices related to forfeitable awards granted in 1999, 2000, and 2001 would be achieved within their respective performance periods, and accordingly, previously accrued expenses were reversed. The target stock prices for these awards range from $73.33 to $85.00. These awards were forfeited as follows: 1.2 million shares granted in 1999 were forfeited in January 2004; and 1.2 million shares granted in 2000 were forfeited in January 2005. Additionally, 1.2 million shares granted in 2001 were forfeited in January 2006. Broad-based employee stock options No broad-based employee stock option grants were made in 2005. Prior awards were granted by JPMorgan Chase under the Value Sharing Plan, a non-shareholder-approved plan. The exercise price is equal to JPMorgan Chase’s common stock price on the grant date. The options become exercisable over various periods and generally expire 10 years after the grant date. The following table details the distribution of options and SARs outstanding under the LTI Plans at December 31, 2005: Options/SARs outstanding Options/SARs exercisable (Options/SARs in thousands) Weighted-average Weighted-average remaining Weighted-average Range of exercise prices Outstanding exercise price contractual life (in years) Exercisable exercise price $7.27–$20.00 2,504 $ 19.12 0.8 2,503 $ 19.12 $20.01–$35.00 125,422 28.02 5.8 88,418 27.22 $35.01–$50.00 135,263 40.04 4.9 119,710 40.13 $50.01–$63.48 75,386 51.27 4.8 75,386 51.27 Total 338,575 $ 37.93 5.2 286,017 $ 38.89 The following table presents a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s restricted stock and RSU activity under the LTI Plans during the last three years: (in thousands) Number of restricted stock/RSUs Year ended December 31, (a) 2005 2004 2003 Outstanding, January 1 85,099 85,527 55,886 Granted 38,115 32,514 44,552 Bank One conversion NA 15,116 NA Lapsed (b) (30,413) (43,349) (12,545) Forfeited (8,197) (4,709) (2,366) Outstanding, December 31 84,604 85,099 85,527 (a) 2004 includes six months of awards for the combined Firm and six months of awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase. 2003 reflects the awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Lapsed awards represent both restricted stock for which restrictions have lapsed and RSUs that have been converted into common stock. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 102 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The following table details the distribution of broad-based employee stock options and SARs outstanding at December 31, 2005: Options/SARs outstanding Options/SARs exercisable (Options/SARs in thousands) Weighted-average Weighted-average remaining Weighted-average Range of exercise prices Outstanding exercise price contractual life (in years) Exercisable exercise price $ 20.01–$35.00 15,200 $ 25.01 4.3 10,490 $ 26.42 $ 35.01–$50.00 70,088 41.18 4.5 41,990 43.72 $ 50.01–$51.22 20,294 51.22 5.1 112 51.22 Total 105,582 $ 40.78 4.6 52,592 $ 40.29 Comparison of the fair and intrinsic value measurement methods Pre-tax employee stock-based compensation expense related to the LTI plans totaled $1.6 billion in 2005, $1.3 billion in 2004 and $919 million in 2003. The following table presents net income (after-tax) and basic and diluted earnings per share as reported, and as if all outstanding awards were accounted for at fair value: Year ended December 31,(a) (in millions, except per share data) 2005 2004 2003 Net income as reported $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 Add: Employee stock-based compensation expense originally included in reported net income 938 778 551 Deduct: Employee stock-based compensation expense determined under the fair value method for all awards (1,015) (960) (863) Pro forma net income $ 8,406 $ 4,284 $ 6,407 Earnings per share: Basic: As reported $ 2.43 $ 1.59 $ 3.32 Pro forma 2.40 1.52 3.16 Diluted: As reported $ 2.38 $ 1.55 $ 3.24 Pro forma 2.36 1.48 3.09 (a) 2004 results include six months of awards for the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The following table presents a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s broad-based employee stock option plans and SAR activity during the past three years: Year ended December 31, 2005 2004 2003 Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average (Options/SARs in thousands) options/SARs exercise price options/SARs exercise price options exercise price Outstanding, January 1 112,184 $ 40.42 117,822 $ 39.11 113,155 $ 40.62 Granted —— 6,321 39.96 12,846 21.87 Exercised (2,000) 24.10 (5,960) 15.26 (2,007) 13.67 Canceled (4,602) 39.27 (5,999) 39.18 (6,172) 37.80 Outstanding, December 31 105,582 $ 40.78 112,184 $ 40.42 117,822 $ 39.11 Exercisable, December 31 52,592 $ 40.29 30,082 $ 36.33 36,396 $ 32.88 The following table presents JPMorgan Chase’s weighted-average, grant-date fair values for the employee stock-based compensation awards granted, and the assumptions used to value stock options and SARs under the Black-Scholes valuation model: Year ended December 31, (a) 2005 2004 2003 Weighted-average grant-date fair value Stock options: Key employee $ 10.44 $ 13.04 $ 5.60 Broad-based employee NA 10.71 4.98 Converted Bank One options NA 14.05 NA Restricted stock and RSUs (all payable solely in stock) 37.35 39.58 22.03 Weighted-average annualized stock option valuation assumptions Risk-free interest rate 4.25% 3.44% 3.19% Expected dividend yield (b) 3.79 3.59 5.99 Expected common stock price volatility 37 41 44 Assumed weighted-average expected life of stock options (in years) Key employee 6.8 6.8 6.8 Broad-based employee NA 3.8 3.8 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Based primarily upon historical data at the grant dates. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 103 Note 9 – Securities and private equity investments Securities are classified as AFS, Held-to-maturity (“HTM”) or Trading. Trading securities are discussed in Note 3 on page 94 of this Annual Report. Securities are classified as AFS when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to or in anticipation of changes in market conditions, or as part of the Firm’s management of its structural interest rate risk. AFS securities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains and losses after SFAS 133 valuation adjustments are reported as net increases or decreases to Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The specific identification method is used to determine realized gains and losses on AFS securities, which are included in Securities /private equity gains on the Consolidated statements of income. Securities that the Firm has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as HTM and are carried at amortized cost on the Consolidated balance sheets. The following table presents realized gains and losses from AFS securities and private equity gains (losses): Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Realized gains $ 302 $ 576 $ 2,123 Realized losses (1,638) (238) (677) Net realized securities gains (losses) (1,336) 338 1,446 Private equity gains 1,809 1,536 33 Total Securities/private equity gains $ 473 $ 1,874 $ 1,479 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Note 8 – Noninterest expense Merger costs Costs associated with the Merger were reflected in the Merger costs caption of the Consolidated statements of income. A summary of such costs, by expense category, is shown in the following table for 2005 and 2004. There were no such costs in 2003. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004(a) Expense category Compensation $ 238 $ 467 Occupancy (77) 448 Technology and communications and other 561 450 Total(b) $ 722 $ 1,365 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) With the exception of occupancy-related write-offs, all of the costs in the table require the expenditure of cash. The table below shows the change in the liability balance related to the costs associated with the Merger. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004(a) Liability balance, beginning of period $ 952 $— Recorded as merger costs 722 1,365 Recorded as goodwill 26 1,028 Liability utilized (903) (1,441) Total $ 797 $ 952 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of AFS and held-to-maturity securities were as follows for the dates indicated: 2005 2004 Gross Gross Gross Gross Amortized unrealized unrealized Fair Amortized unrealized unrealized Fair December 31, (in millions) cost gains losses value cost gains losses value Available-for-sale securities U.S. government and federal agency obligations: U.S. treasuries $ 4,245 $ 24 $ 2 $ 4,267 $ 13,621 $ 7 $ 222 $ 13,406 Mortgage-backed securities 80 3 — 83 2,405 41 17 2,429 Agency obligations 165 16 — 181 12 — — 12 Collateralized mortgage obligations 4— — 4 71 4 4 71 U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations 22,604 9 596 22,017 46,143 142 593 45,692 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 712 21 7 726 2,748 126 8 2,866 Debt securities issued by non-U.S. governments 5,512 12 18 5,506 7,901 59 38 7,922 Corporate debt securities 5,754 39 74 5,719 7,007 127 18 7,116 Equity securities 3,179 110 7 3,282 5,810 39 14 5,835 Other, primarily asset-backed securities (a) 5,738 23 23 5,738 9,103 25 75 9,053 Total available-for-sale securities $ 47,993 $ 257 $ 727 $ 47,523 $ 94,821 $ 570 $ 989 $ 94,402 Held-to-maturity securities (b) Total held-to-maturity securities $7 7 $ 3 $ — $8 0 $ 110 $ 7 $ — $ 117 (a) Includes collateralized mortgage obligations of private issuers, which generally have underlying collateral consisting of obl igations of the U.S. government and federal agencies and corporations. (b) Consists primarily of mortgage-backed securities. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 104 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The following table presents the fair value and unrealized losses for AFS securities by aging category at December 31: Securities with unrealized losses Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Gross Gross Total Gross Fair unrealized Fair unrealized Fair unrealized 2005 (in millions) value losses value losses value losses Available-for-sale securities U.S. government and federal agency obligations: U.S. treasuries $ 3,789 $ 1 $ 85 $ 1 $ 3,874 $ 2 Mortgage-backed securities —— 4 7 — 4 7 — Agency obligations 7— 1 3 — 2 0 — Collateralized mortgage obligations 15 — 30 — 45 — U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations 10,607 242 11,007 354 21,614 596 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 237 3 107 4 344 7 Debt securities issued by non-U.S. governments 2,380 17 71 1 2,451 18 Corporate debt securities 3,076 52 678 22 3,754 74 Equity securities 1,838 7 2 — 1,840 7 Other, primarily asset-backed securities 778 14 370 9 1,148 23 Total securities with unrealized losses $ 22,727 $ 336 $12,410 $ 391 $ 35,137 $ 727 Securities with unrealized losses Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Gross Gross Total Gross Fair unrealized Fair unrealized Fair unrealized 2004 (in millions) value losses value losses value losses Available-for-sale securities U.S. government and federal agency obligations: U.S. treasuries $ 10,186 $ 154 $ 940 $ 68 $ 11,126 $ 222 Mortgage-backed securities 344 1 1,359 16 1,703 17 Agency obligations 5 — 3 — 8 — Collateralized mortgage obligations 278 4 2 — 280 4 U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations 34,760 282 10,525 311 45,285 593 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 678 6 96 2 774 8 Debt securities issued by non-U.S. governments 3,395 17 624 21 4,019 38 Corporate debt securities 1,103 13 125 5 1,228 18 Equity securities 1,804 14 23 — 1,827 14 Other, primarily asset-backed securities 1,896 41 321 34 2,217 75 Total securities with unrealized losses $ 54,449 $ 532 $ 14,018 $ 457 $ 68,467 $ 989 Impairment is evaluated considering numerous factors, and their relative significance varies case to case. Factors considered include the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than cost; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer of the securities; and the Firm’s intent and ability to retain the security in order to allow for an antici- pated recovery in market value. If, based upon the analysis, it is determined that the impairment is other-than-temporary, the security is written down to fair value, and a loss is recognized through earnings. Included in the $727 million of gross unrealized losses on AFS securities at December 31, 2005, was $391 million of unrealized losses that have existed for a period greater than 12 months. These securities are predominately rated AAA and the unrealized losses are due to overall increases in market interest rates and not due to underlying credit concerns of the issuers. Substantially all of the securities with unrealized losses aged greater than 12 months have a market value at December 31, 2005, that is within 4% of their amortized cost basis. In calculating the effective yield for mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”) and collateralized mortgage obligations (“CMO”), JPMorgan Chase includes the effect of principal prepayments. Management regularly performs simulation testing to determine the impact that market conditions would have on its MBS and CMO portfolios. MBSs and CMOs that management believes have prepayment risk are included in the AFS portfolio and are reported at fair value. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 105 The following table presents the amortized cost, estimated fair value and average yield at December 31, 2005, of JPMorgan Chase’s AFS and HTM securities by contractual maturity: Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Maturity schedule of securities Amortized Fair Average Amortized Fair Average December 31, 2005 (in millions) cost value yield (a) cost value yield (a) Due in one year or less $ 6,723 $ 6,426 2.77% $ — $ — —% Due after one year through five years 7,740 8,009 3.72 — — — Due after five years through 10 years 5,346 5,366 4.70 30 31 6.96 Due after 10 years (b) 28,184 27,722 4.69 47 49 6.73 Total securities $ 47,993 $ 47,523 4.27% $ 77 $ 80 6.82% (a) The average yield is based upon amortized cost balances at year-end. Yields are derived by dividing interest income by total amortized cost. Taxable-equivalent yields are used where applicable. (b) Includes securities with no stated maturity. Substantially all of JPMorgan Chase’s MBSs and CMOs are due in 10 years or more based upon contractual maturity. The estimated duration, which reflects anticipated future prepayments based upon a consensus of dealers in the market, is approximately four years for MBSs an d CMOs. Private equity investments are primarily held by the Private Equity business within Corporate (which includes JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners businesses). The Private Equity business invests in buyouts, growth equity and venture opportunities in the normal course of business. These investments are accounted for under investment company guidelines. Accordingly, these investments, irrespective of the percentage of equity ownership interest held by Private Equity, are carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from changes in value are reported in Securities/private equity gains in the Consolidated statements of income in the period that the gains or losses occur. Privately-held investments are initially valued based upon cost. The carrying values of privately-held investments are adjusted from cost to reflect both positive and negative changes evidenced by financing events with third-party capital providers. In addition, these investments are subject to ongoing impairment reviews by Private Equity’s senior investment professionals. A variety of factors are reviewed and monitored to assess impairment including, but not limited to, operating performance and future expectations of the particular portfolio investment, industry valuations of comparable public com- panies, changes in market outlook and the third-party financing environment over time. The Valuation Control Group within the Finance area is responsible for reviewing the accuracy of the carrying values of private investments held by Private Equity. Private Equity also holds publicly-held equity investments, generally obtained through the initial public offering of privately-held equity investments. Publicly- held investments are marked to market at the quoted public value. To determine the carrying values of these investments, Private Equity incorporates the use of discounts to take into account the fact that it cannot immediately realize or risk-manage the quoted public values as a result of regulatory and/or contractual sales restrictions imposed on these holdings. The following table presents the carrying value and cost of the Private Equity investment portfolio for the dates indicated: 2005 2004 Carrying Carrying December 31, (in millions) value Cost value Cost Total private equity investments $ 6,374 $ 8,036 $ 7,735 $ 9,103 Note 10 – Securities financing activities JPMorgan Chase enters into resale agreements, repurchase agreements, securities borrowed transactions and securities loaned transactions primarily to finance the Firm’s inventory positions, acquire securities to cover short positions and settle other securities obligations. The Firm also enters into these transactions to accommodate customers’ needs. Securities purchased under resale agreements (“resale agreements”) and securities sold under repurchase agreements (“repurchase agreements”) are generally treated as collateralized financing transactions and are carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at the amounts the securities will be subse- quently sold or repurchased, plus accrued interest. Where appropriate, resale and repurchase agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis in accordance with FIN 41. JPMorgan Chase takes possession of securities purchased under resale agreements. On a daily basis, JPMorgan Chase monitors the market value of the underlying collateral received from its counterparties, consisting primarily of U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, and requests additional collateral from its counterparties when necessary. Transactions similar to financing activities that do not meet the SFAS 140 definition of a repurchase agreement are accounted for as “buys” and “sells” rather than financing transactions. These transactions are accounted for as a purchase (sale) of the underlying securities with a forward obligation to sell (purchase) the securities. The forward purchase (sale) obligation, a derivative, is recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at its fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Trading revenue. Securities borrowed and securities lent are recorded at the amount of cash collateral advanced or received. Securities borrowed consist primarily of government and equity securities. JPMorgan Chase monitors the market value of the securities borrowed and lent on a daily basis and calls for additional collateral when appropriate. Fees received or paid are recorded in Interest income or Interest expense. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 106 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Securities purchased under resale agreements $ 129,570 $ 94,076 Securities borrowed 74,604 47,428 Securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 103,052 $105,912 Securities loaned 14,072 6,435 JPMorgan Chase pledges certain financial instruments the Firm owns to collateralize repurchase agreements and other securities financings. Pledged securities that can be sold or repledged by the secured party are identified as financial instruments owned (pledged to various parties) on the Consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2005, the Firm had received securities as collateral that can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used with a fair value of approximately $331 billion. This collateral was generally obtained under resale or securities borrowing agreements. Of these securities, approximately $320 billion were repledged, delivered or otherwise used, generally as collateral under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements or to cover short sales. Note 11 – Loans Loans are reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of the Allowance for loan losses, unearned income and any net deferred loan fees. Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in noninterest revenue. Loans are classified as “trading” where positions are bought and sold to make profits from short-term movements in price. Loans held for trading purposes are included in Trading assets and are carried at fair value, with gains and losses included in Trading revenue. Interest income is recognized using the interest method, or on a basis approximating a level rate of return over the term of the loan. Nonaccrual loans are those on which the accrual of interest is discontinued. Loans (other than certain consumer loans discussed below) are placed on nonaccrual status immediately if, in the opinion of management, full payment of principal or interest is in doubt, or when principal or interest is 90 days or more past due and collateral, if any, is insufficient to cover principal and interest. Interest accrued but not collected at the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status is reversed against Interest income. In addition, the amortization of net deferred loan fees is suspended. Interest income on nonaccrual loans is recognized only to the extent it is received in cash. However, where there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectibility of loan principal, all cash thereafter received is applied to reduce the carrying value of such loans. Loans are restored to accrual status only when interest and principal payments are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Consumer loans are generally charged to the Allowance for loan losses upon reaching specified stages of delinquency, in accordance with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”) policy. For example, credit card loans are charged off by the end of the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due or within 60 days from receiving notification of the filing of bankruptcy, whichever is earlier. Residential mortgage products are generally charged off to net realizable value at 180 days past due. Other consumer products are generally charged off (to net realizable value if collat- eralized) at 120 days past due. Accrued interest on residential mortgage products, and automobile and education financings and certain other consumer loans are accounted for in accordance with the nonaccrual loan policy discussed in the preceding paragraph. Interest and fees related to credit card loans continue to accrue until the loan is charged off or paid. Accrued interest on all other consumer loans is generally reversed against interest income when the loan is charged off. A collateralized loan is considered an in-substance foreclosure and is reclassified to assets acquired in loan satisfactions, within Other assets, only when JPMorgan Chase has taken physical possession of the collateral, but regardless of whether formal foreclosure proceedings have taken place. The composition of the loan portfolio at each of the dates indicated was as follows: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 U.S. wholesale loans: Commercial and industrial $ 70,233 $ 61,033 Real estate 13,612 13,038 Financial institutions 11,100 14,195 Lease financing receivables 2,621 3,098 Other 14,499 8,504 Total U.S. wholesale loans 112,065 99,868 Non-U.S. wholesale loans: Commercial and industrial 27,452 25,120 Real estate 1,475 1,747 Financial institutions 7,975 7,280 Lease financing receivables 1,144 1,052 Total non-U.S. wholesale loans 38,046 35,199 Total wholesale loans: (a) Commercial and industrial 97,685 86,153 Real estate (b) 15,087 14,785 Financial institutions 19,075 21,475 Lease financing receivables 3,765 4,150 Other 14,499 8,504 Total wholesale loans 150,111 135,067 Total consumer loans: (c) Consumer real estate Home finance – home equity & other 76,727 67,837 Home finance – mortgage 56,726 56,816 Total Home finance 133,453 124,653 Auto & education finance 49,047 62,712 Consumer & small business and other 14,799 15,107 Credit card receivables (d) 71,738 64,575 Total consumer loans 269,037 267,047 Total loans (e)(f)(g) $ 419,148 $ 402,114 (a) Includes Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management. (b) Represents credits extended for real estate–related purposes to borrowers who are primarily in the real estate development or investment businesses and for which the primary repayment is from the sale, lease, management, operations or refinancing of the property. (c) Includes Retail Financial Services and Card Services. (d) Includes billed finance charges and fees net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts. (e) Loans are presented net of unearned income of $3.0 billion and $4.1 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (f) Includes loans held for sale (primarily related to securitization and syndication activities) of $34.2 billion and $24.5 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (g) Amounts are presented gross of the Allowance for loan losses. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 107 The following table reflects information about the Firm’s loans held for sale, principally mortgage-related: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Net gains on sales of loans held for sale $ 596 $ 368 $ 933 Lower of cost or fair value adjustments (332) 39 26 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Impaired loans JPMorgan Chase accounts for and discloses nonaccrual loans as impaired loans and recognizes their interest income as discussed previously for nonaccrual loans. The Firm excludes from impaired loans its small-balance, homogeneous consumer loans; loans carried at fair value or the lower of cost or fair value; debt securities; and leases. The table below sets forth information about JPMorgan Chase’s impaired loans. The Firm primarily uses the discounted cash flow method for valuing impaired loans: December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 Impaired loans with an allowance $ 1,095 $ 1,496 Impaired loans without an allowance (b) 80 284 Total impaired loans $ 1,175 $ 1,780 Allowance for impaired loans under SFAS 114 (c) $ 257 $ 521 Average balance of impaired loans during the year 1,478 1,883 Interest income recognized on impaired loans during the year 5 8 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) When the discounted cash flows, collateral value or market price equals or exceeds the carrying value of the loan, then the loan does not require an allowance under SFAS 114. (c) The allowance for impaired loans under SFAS 114 is included in JPMorgan Chase’s Allowance for loan losses. Note 12 – Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase’s Allowance for loan losses covers the wholesale (risk-rated) and consumer (scored) loan portfolios and represents management’s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the Firm’s loan portfolio. Management also computes an Allowance for wholesale lending-related commitments using a methodology similar to that used for the wholesale loans. The Allowance for loan losses includes an asset-specific component and a formula-based component. Within the formula-based component is a statistical calculation and an adjustment to the statistical calculation. The asset-specific component relates to provisions for losses on loans considered impaired and measured pursuant to SFAS 114. An allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. To compute the asset-specific component of the allowance, larger impaired loans are evaluated individually, and smaller impaired loans are evaluated as a pool using historical loss experience for the respective class of assets. The formula-based component covers performing wholesale and consumer loans and is the product of a statistical calculation, as well as adjustments to such calculation. These adjustments take into consideration model imprecision, external factors and economic events that have occurred but are not yet reflected in the factors used to derive the statistical calculation. The statistical calculation is the product of probability of default and loss given default. For risk-rated loans (generally loans originated by the wholesale lines of business), these factors are differentiated by risk rating and maturity. For scored loans (generally loans originated by the consumer lines of business), loss is primarily determined by applying statistical loss factors and other risk indicators to pools of loans by asset type. Adjustments to the statis tical calculation for the risk-rated portfolios are determined by creating estimated ranges using historical experience of both loss given default and probability of default. Factors related to concentrated and deteriorating industries are also incorporated into the calculation where relevant. Adjustments to the statistical calculation for the scored loan portfolios are accomplished in part by analyzing the historical loss experience for each major product segment. The estimated ranges and the determination of the appropriate point within the range are based upon management’s view of uncertainties that relate to current macroeconomic and political conditions, quality of underwriting standards, and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio. The Allowance for lending-related commitments represents management’s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the Firm’s process of extending credit. Management establishes an asset-specific allowance for lending-related commitments that are considered impaired and computes a formula-based allowance for performing wholesale lending-related commitments. These are computed using a methodology similar to that used for the wholesale loan portfolio, modified for expected maturities and probabilities of drawdown. The allowance for credit losses is reviewed at least quarterly by the Chief Risk Officer of the Firm, the Risk Policy Committee, a risk subgroup of the Operating Committee, and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Firm relative to the risk profile of the Firm’s credit portfolio and current economic conditions. As of December 31, 2005, JPMorgan Chase deemed the allowance for credit losses to be appropriate (i.e., sufficient to absorb losses that are inherent in the portfolio, including those not yet identifiable). As a result of the Merger, management modified its methodology for deter- mining the Provision for credit losses for the combined Firm. The effect of conforming methodologies in 2004 was a decrease in the consumer allowance of $254 million and a decrease in the wholesale allowance (including both funded loans and lending-related commitments) of $330 million. In addition, the Bank One seller’s interest in credit card securitizations was decertificated; this resulted in an increase to the provision for loan losses of approximately $1.4 billion (pre-tax) in 2004. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 108 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report JPMorgan Chase maintains an allowance for credit losses as follows: Reported in: Allowance for credit losses on: Balance sheet Income statement Loans Allowance for loan losses Provision for credit losses Lending-related commitments Other liabilities Provision for credit losses The table below summarizes the changes in the Allowance for loan losses: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004(c) Allowance for loan losses at January 1 $ 7,320 $ 4,523 Addition resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 — 3,123 Gross charge-offs (4,869) (3,805) (d) Gross recoveries 1,050 706 Net charge-offs (3,819) (3,099) Provision for loan losses: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity 3,575 1,798 Accounting policy conformity (a) — 1,085 Total Provision for loan losses 3,575 2,883 Other 14 (110)(e) Allowance for loan losses at December 31 $ 7,090 (b) $ 7,320 (f) (a) Represents an increase of approximately $1.4 billion as a result of the decertification of heritage Bank One seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a reduction of $357 million to conform provision methodologies. (b) 2005 includes $203 million of asset-specific and $6.9 billion of formula-based allowance. Included within the formula-based allowance was $5.1 billion related to a statistical calculation (including $400 million related to Hurricane Katrina), and an adjustment to the statistical calculation of $1.8 billion. (c) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (d) Includes $406 million related to the Manufactured Home Loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2004. (e) Primarily represents the transfer of the allowance for accrued interest and fees on reported and securitized credit card loans. (f) 2004 includes $469 million of asset-specific loss and $6.8 billion of formula-based loss. Included within the formula-based loss is $4.8 billion related to statistical calculation and an adjustment to the statistical calculation of $2.0 billion. The table below summarizes the changes in the Allowance for lending-related commitments: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004(c) Allowance for lending-related commitments at January 1 $ 492 $ 324 Addition resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 — 508 Provision for lending-related commitments: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity (92) (112) Accounting policy conformity (a) — (227) Total Provision for lending-related commitments (92) (339) Other — (1) Allowance for lending-related commitments at December 31 (b) $ 400 $ 492 (a) Represents a reduction of $227 million to conform provision methodologies in the wholesale portfolio. (b) 2005 includes $60 million of asset-specific and $340 million of formula-based allowance. 2004 includes $130 million of asset-specific and $362 million of formula-based allowance. The formula-based allowance for lending-related commitments is based upon a statistical calculation. There is no adjustment to the statistical calculation for lending-related commitments. (c) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. Note 13 – Loan securitizations JPMorgan Chase securitizes, sells and services various consumer loans, such as consumer real estate, credit card and automobile loans, as well as certain wholesale loans (primarily real estate) originated by the Investment Bank. In addition, the Investment Bank purchases, packages and securitizes commercial and consumer loans. All IB activity is collectively referred to below as Wholesale activities. Interests in the sold and securitized loans may be retained. The Firm records a loan securitization as a sale when the transferred loans are legally isolated from the Firm’s creditors and the accounting criteria for a sale are met. Those criteria are (1) the assets are legally isolated from the Firm’s creditors; (2) the entity can pledge or exchange the financial assets or, if the entity is a QSPE, its investors can pledge or exchange their interests; and (3) the Firm does not maintain effective control via an agreement to repurchase the assets before their maturity or have the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return the assets. Gains or losses recorded on loan securitizations depend, in part, on the carrying amount of the loans sold and are allocated between the loans sold and the retained interests, based upon their relative fair values at the date of sale. Gains on securitizations are reported in noninterest revenue. Since quoted market prices are generally not available, the Firm usually estimates the fair value of these retained interests by determining the present value of future expected cash flows using modeling techniques. Such models incorporate management’s best estimates of key variables, such as expected credit losses, prepayment speeds and the discount rates appropriate for the risks involved. Retained interests that are subject to prepayment risk, such that JPMorgan Chase may not recover substantially all of its investment, are recorded at fair value; subsequent adjustments are reflected in Other comprehensive income or in earnings, if the fair value of the retained interest has declined below its carrying amount and such decline has been determined to be other-than-temporary. Interests in the securitized loans are generally retained by the Firm in the form of senior or subordinated interest-only strips, subordinated tranches, escrow accounts and servicing rights, and they are generally recorded in Other assets. In addition, credit card securitization trusts require the Firm to maintain a minimum undivided interest in the trusts, representing the Firm’s interests in the receivables transferred to the trust that have not been securitized. These interests are not represented by security certificates. The Firm’s undivided interests are carried at historical cost and are classified in Loans. Retained interests from wholesale activities are reflected as trading assets. JPMorgan Chase retains servicing responsibilities for all residential mortgage, credit card and automobile loan securitizations and for certain wholesale activity securitizations it sponsors, and receives servicing fees based on the securitized loan balance plus certain ancillary fees. The Firm also retains the right to service the residential mortgage loans it sells in connection with mortgage-backed securities transactions with the Government National Mortgage Association (“GNMA”), Federal National Mortgage Association (“FNMA”) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”). For a discussion of mortgage servicing rights, see Note 15 on pages 114–116 of this Annual report. JPMorgan Chase-sponsored securitizations utilize SPEs as part of the securiti- zation process. These SPEs are structured to meet the definition of a QSPE (as discussed in Note 1 on page 91 of this Annual Report); accordingly, the assets and liabilities of securitization-related QSPEs are not reflected in the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets (except for retained interests, as described below) but are included on the balance sheet of the QSPE purchasing the JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 109 Year ended December 31, 2005 2004(a) Residential Wholesale Residential Wholesale (in millions) mortgage Credit card Automobile activities (e) mortgage Credit card Automobile activities (e) Principal securitized $ 18,125 $ 15,145 $ 3,762 $ 22,691 $ 6,529 $ 8,850 $ 1,600 $ 8,756 Pre-tax gains (losses) 21 101 9 (c) 131 47 52 (3) 135 Cash flow information: Proceeds from securitizations $ 18,093 $ 14,844 $ 2,622 $ 22,892 $ 6,608 $ 8,850 $ 1,597 $ 8,430 Servicing fees collected 17 94 4 — 12 69 1 3 Other cash flows received — 298 — 3 25 225 — 16 Proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving securitizations — 129,696 — — — 110,697 — — Key assumptions (rates per annum): Prepayment rate (b) 9.1–12.1% 16.7–20.0% 1.5% 0–50% 23.8–37.6% 15.5–16.7% 1.5% 17.0–50.0% CPR PPR ABS CPR PPR ABS Weighted-average life (in years) 5.6–6.7 0.4–0.5 1.4–1.5 1.0–4.4 1.9–3.0 0.5–0.6 1.8 2.0–4.0 Expected credit losses —(d) 4.7–5.7% 0.6–0.7% 0–2.0% (d) 1.0–2.3% 5.5–5.8% 0.6% 0.0–3.0% (d) Discount rate 13.0–13.3% 12.0% 6.3–7.3% 0.6–18.5% 15.0–30.0% 12.0% 4.1% 0.6–5.0% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) CPR: constant prepayment rate; ABS: absolute prepayment speed; PPR: principal payment rate. (c) The auto securitization gain of $9 million does not include the write-down of loans transferred to held-for-sale in 2005 and risk management activities intended to protect the economic value of the loans while held-for-sale. (d) Expected credit losses for prime residential mortgage and certain wholesale securitizations are minimal and are incorporated into other assumptions. (e) Wholesale activities consist of wholesale loans (primarily commercial real estate) originated by the Investment Bank as well as $11.4 billion and $1.8 billion of consumer loans purchased from the market in 2005 and 2004, respectively, and then packaged and securitized by the Investment Bank. assets. Assets held by securitization-related SPEs as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, were as follows: December 31, (in billions) 2005 2004 Credit card receivables $ 96.0 $ 106.3 Residential mortgage receivables 29.8 19.1 Wholesale activities (a) 72.9 44.8 Automobile loans 5.5 4.9 Total $ 204.2 $ 175.1 (a) Co-sponsored securitizations include non-JPMorgan Chase originated assets. The following table summarizes new securitization transactions that were completed during 2005 and 2004, the resulting gains arising from such securitizations, certain cash flows received from such securitizations, and the key economic assumptions used in measuring the retained interests, as of the dates of such sales: In addition to securitization transactions, the Firm sold residential mortgage loans totaling $52.5 billion, $65.7 billion and $123.2 billion during 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, primarily as GNMA, FNMA and Freddie Mac mortgage-backed securities; these sales resulted in pre-tax gains of $293 million, $58.1 million and $564.3 million, respectively. At both December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Firm had, with respect to its credit card master trusts, $24.8 billion and $35.2 billion, respectively, related to undivided interests, and $2.2 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively, related to subordinated interests in accrued interest and fees on the securitized receivables, net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts. Credit card securitization trusts require the Firm to maintain a minimum undivided interest of 4% to 12% of the principal receivables in the trusts. The Firm maintained an average undivided interest in principal receivables in the trusts of approximately 23% for both 2005 and 2004, respectively. The Firm also maintains escrow accounts up to predetermined limits for some credit card and automobile securitizations, in the unlikely event of deficiencies in cash flows owed to investors. The amounts available in such escrow accounts are recorded in Other assets and, as of December 31, 2005, amounted to $754 million and $76 million for credit card and automobile securitizations, respectively; as of December 31, 2004, these amounts were $395 million and $132 million for credit card and automobile securitizations, respectively. The table below summarizes other retained securitization interests, which are primarily subordinated or residual interests and are carried at fair value on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Residential mortgage (a) $ 182 $ 433 Credit card (a) 808 494 Automobile (a)(b) 150 85 Wholesale activities (c) 265 23 Total $ 1,405 $ 1,035 (a) Pre-tax unrealized gains (losses) recorded in Stockholders’ equity that relate to retained securitization interests totaled $60 million and $118 million for Residential mortgage; $6 million and $(3) million for Credit card; and $5 million and $11 million for Automobile at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (b) In addition to the automobile retained interest amounts noted above, the Firm also retained senior securities totaling $490 million at December 31, 2005, from 2005 auto securitizations that are classified as AFS securities. These securities are valued using quoted market prices and are therefore not included in the key economic assumption and sensitivities table that follows. (c) In addition to the wholesale retained interest amounts noted above, the Firm also retained subordinated securities totaling $51 million at December 31, 2005, from re-securitization activities. These securities are valued using quoted market prices and are therefore not included in the key assumptions and sensitivities table that follows. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 110 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The table below outlines the key economic assumptions used to determine the fair value of the other retained interests at Decem ber 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively; and it outlines the sensitivities of those fair values to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those assumptio ns: December 31, 2005 (in millions) Residential mortgage Credit card Automobile Wholesale activities Weighted-average life (in years) 0.5–3.5 0.4–0.7 1.2 0.2–4.1 Prepayment rate 20.1–43.7% CPR 11.9–20.8% PPR 1.5% ABS 0.0–50.0%(a) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (3) $ (44) $ — $ (5) Impact of 20% adverse change (5) (88) (2) (6) Loss assumption 0.0–5.2% (b) 3.2–8.1% 0.7% 0.0–2.0% (b) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (10) $ (77) $ (4) $ (6) Impact of 20% adverse change (19) (153) (9) (11) Discount rate 12.7–30.0% (c) 6.9–12.0% 7.2% 0.2–18.5% Impact of 10% adverse change $ (4) $ (2) $ (1) $ (6) Impact of 20% adverse change (8) (4) (3) (12) December 31, 2004 (in millions) Residential mortgage Credit card Automobile Wholesale activities Weighted-average life (in years) 0.8–3.4 0.5–1.0 1.3 0.2–4.0 Prepayment rate 15.1–37.1% CPR 8.3–16.7% PPR 1.4% ABS 0.0–50.0% (a) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (5) $ (34) $ (6) $ (1) Impact of 20% adverse change (8) (69) (13) (1) Loss assumption 0.0–5.0% (b) 5.7–8.4% 0.7% 0.0–3.0% (b) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (17) $ (144) $ (4) $ — Impact of 20% adverse change (34) (280) (8) — Discount rate 13.0–30.0% (c) 4.9–12.0% 5.5% 1.0–22.9% Impact of 10% adverse change $ (9) $ (2) $ (1) $ — Impact of 20% adverse change (18) (4) (2) — (a) Prepayment risk on certain wholesale retained interests are minimal and are incorporated into other assumptions. (b) Expected credit losses for prime residential mortgage and certain wholesale securitizations are minimal and are incorporated into other assumptions. (c) The Firm sold certain residual interests from sub-prime mortgage securitizations via Net Interest Margin (“NIM”) securitizat ions and retains residual interests in these NIM transactions, which are valued using a 30% discount rate. The sensitivity analysis in the preceding table is hypothetical. Changes in fair value based upon a 10% or 20% variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated easily, because the relationship of the change in the assump- tions to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect that a change in a particular assumption may have on the fair value is calculated without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another assumption, which might counteract or magnify the sensitivities. Expected static-pool net credit losses include actual incurred losses plus projected net credit losses, divided by the original balance of the outstandings comprising the securitization pool. The table below displays the expected static-pool net credit losses for 2005, 2004 and 2003, based upon securitizations occurring in that year: Loans securitized in: (a) 2005 2004(b) 2003(b) Residential mortgage (c) Automobile Residential mortgage Automobile Residential mortgage Automobile December 31, 2005 0.0% 0.9% 0.0–2.4% 0.8% 0.0–2.0% 0.5% December 31, 2004 NA NA 0.0–3.3 1.1 0.0–2.1 0.9 December 31, 2003 NA NA NA NA 0.0–3.6 0.9 (a) Static-pool losses are not applicable to credit card securitizations due to their revolving structure. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) 2005 securitizations consist of prime-mortgage securitizations only. Expected losses are minimal and incorporated in other as sumptions. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 111 The table below presents information about delinquencies, net credit losses and components of reported and securitized financial assets at December 31, 2005 and 2004: Nonaccrual and 90 days or Net loan charge-offs (a) Total Loans more past due Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 2005 2004 2005 2004 Home finance $ 133,453 $ 124,653 $ 863 $ 673 $ 154 $ 573 Auto & education finance 49,047 62,712 195 193 277 263 Consumer & small business and other 14,799 15,107 280 295 141 154 Credit card receivables 71,738 64,575 1,091 1,006 3,324 1,923 Total consumer loans 269,037 267,047 2,429 2,167 3,896 2,913 Total wholesale loans 150,111 135,067 1,042 1,582 (77) 186 Total loans reported 419,148 402,114 3,471 3,749 3,819 3,099 Securitized loans: Residential mortgage (b) 8,061 11,533 370 460 105 150 Automobile 5,439 4,763 11 12 15 24 Credit card 70,527 70,795 730 1,337 3,776 2,898 Total consumer loans securitized 84,027 87,091 1,111 1,809 3,896 3,072 Securitized wholesale activities 9,049 1,401 4 — — — Total loans securitized (c) 93,076 88,492 1,115 1,809 3,896 3,072 Total loans reported and securitized (d) $ 512,224 $ 490,606 $ 4,586 $ 5,558 $ 7,715 $ 6,171 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) Includes $5.9 billion and $10.3 billion of outstanding principal balances on securitized sub-prime 1–4 family residential mo rtgage loans as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (c) Total assets held in securitization-related SPEs were $204.2 billion and $175.1 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respect ively. The $93.1 billion and $88.5 billion of loans securitized at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, excludes: $85.6 billion and $50.8 billion of securitized loans, in which the Firm’s onl y continuing involvement is the servicing of the assets; $24.8 billion and $35.2 billion of seller’s interests in credit card master trusts; and $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion of escrow accounts and other assets, respectively. (d) Represents both loans on the Consolidated balance sheets and loans that have been securitized, but excludes loans for which t he Firm’s only continuing involvement is servicing of the assets. Note 14 – Variable interest entities Refer to Note 1 on page 91 of this Annual Report for a further description of JPMorgan Chase’s policies regarding consolidation of variable interest entities. JPMorgan Chase’s principal involvement with VIEs occurs in the following business segments: • Investment Bank: Utilizes VIEs to assist clients in accessing the financial markets in a cost-efficient manner by providing the structural flexibility to meet their needs pertaining to price, yield and desired risk. There are two broad categories of transactions involving VIEs in the IB: (1) multi-seller conduits and (2) client intermediation; both are discussed below. The IB also securitizes loans through QSPEs which are not considered VIEs, to create asset-backed securities, as further discussed in Note 13 on pages 108–111 of this Annual Report. • Asset & Wealth Management: Provides investment management services to a limited number of the Firm’s mutual funds deemed VIEs. AWM earns a fixed fee based upon assets managed; the fee varies with each fund’s investment objective and is competitively priced. For the limited number of funds that qualify as VIEs, AWM’s relationships with such funds are not considered significant interests under FIN 46R. • Treasury & Securities Services: Provides trustee and custodial services to a number of VIEs. These services are similar to those provided to non-VIEs. TSS earns market-based fees for services provided. Such relationships are not considered significant interests under FIN 46R. • Commercial Banking: Utilizes VIEs to assist clients in accessing the financial markets in a cost-efficient manner. This is often accomplished through the use of products similar to those offered in the Investment Bank. Commercial Banking may assist in the structuring and/or on-going admin- istration of these VIEs and may provide liquidity, letters of credit and/or derivative instruments in support of the VIE. • The Firm’s Private Equity business, included in Corporate, is involved with entities that may be deemed VIEs. Private equity activities are accounted for in accordance with the Investment Company Audit Guide (“Audit Guide”). The FASB deferred adoption of FIN 46R for non-registered investment companies that apply the Audit Guide until the proposed Statement of Position on the clarification of the scope of the Audit Guide is finalized. The Firm continues to apply this deferral provision; had FIN 46R been applied to VIEs subject to this deferral, the impact would have had an insignificant impact on the Firm’s Consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2005. As noted above, there are two broad categories of transactions involving VIEs with which the IB is involved: multi-seller conduits and client intermediation. These categories are discussed more fully below. Multi-seller conduits The Firm is an active participant in the asset-backed securities business, helping meet customers’ financing needs by providing access to the commercial paper markets through VIEs known as multi-seller conduits. These entities are separate bankruptcy-remote corporations in the business of purchasing interests in, and making loans secured by, receivable pools and other financial assets pursuant to agreements with customers. The entities fund their purchases and loans through the issuance of highly-rated commercial paper. The primary source of repayment of the commercial paper is the cash flow from the pools of assets. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 112 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Program-wide liquidity in the form of revolving and short-term lending com- mitments also is provided by the Firm to these vehicles in the event of short- term disruptions in the commercial paper market. Deal-specific credit enhancement that supports the commercial paper issued by the conduits is generally structured to cover a multiple of historical losses expected on the pool of assets and is provided primarily by customers (i.e., sellers) or other third parties. The deal-specific credit enhancement is typically in the form of over-collateralization provided by the seller but also may include any combination of the following: recourse to the seller or originator, cash collateral accounts, letters of credit, excess spread, retention of subordi- nated interests or third-party guarantees. In certain instances, the Firm provides limited credit enhancement in the form of standby letters of credit. JPMorgan Chase serves as the administrator and provides contingent liquidity support and limited credit enhancement for several multi-seller conduits. The commercial paper issued by the conduits is backed by collateral, credit enhance- ments and commitments to provide liquidity sufficient to support receiving at least a liquidity rating of A-1, P-1 and, in certain cases, F1. As a means of ensuring timely repayment of the commercial paper, each asset pool financed by the conduits has a minimum 100% deal-specific liquidity facility associated with it. In the unlikely event an asset pool is removed from the conduit, the administrator can draw on the liquidity facility to repay the maturing commercial paper. The liquidity facilities are typically in the form of asset purchase agreements and are generally structured such that the bank liquidity is provided by purchasing, or lending against, a pool of non-defaulted, performing assets. Deal-specific liquidity is the primary source of liquidity support for the conduits. The following table summarizes the Firm’s involvement with Firm-administered multi-seller conduits: Consolidated Nonconsolidated Total December 31, (in billions) 2005 2004 2005 2004(b) 2005 2004(b) Total commercial paper issued by conduits $ 35.2 $ 35.8 $8 . 9 $ 9.3 $ 44.1 $ 45.1 Commitments Asset-purchase agreements $ 47.9 $ 47.2 $ 14.3 $ 16.3 $ 62.2 $ 63.5 Program-wide liquidity commitments 5.0 4.0 1.0 2.0 6.0 6.0 Program-wide limited credit enhancements 1.3 1.4 1.0 1.2 2.3 2.6 Maximum exposure to loss (a) 48.4 48.2 14.8 16.9 63.2 65.1 (a) The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the amount of drawn commitments (i.e., sellers’ assets held by the multi-s eller conduits for which the Firm provides liquidity support) of $41.6 billion and $42.2 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, plus contractual but undrawn commitments of $21.6 billion a nd $22.9 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Since the Firm provides credit enhancement and liquidity to these multi-seller conduits, the maximum exposure is not adjusted to exclude exposure absorbed by third-party liquidity providers. (b) In December 2003 and February 2004, two multi-seller conduits were restructured, with each conduit issuing preferred securiti es acquired by an independent third-party investor; the investor absorbs the majority of the expected losses of the conduit. In determining the primary beneficiary of the restructured conduits, the Firm leveraged an existing rating agency model – an independent market standard – to estimate the size of the expected losses, and the Firm considered the relative rights and obligations of ea ch of the variable interest holders. The Firm views its credit exposure to multi-seller conduit transactions as limited. This is because, for the most part, the Firm is not required to fund under the liquidity facilities if the assets in the VIE are in default. Additionally, the Firm’s obligations under the letters of credit are secondary to the risk of first loss provided by the customer or other third parties – for example, by the overcollateralization of the VIE with the assets sold to it or notes subordinated to the Firm’s liquidity facilities. Client intermediation As a financial intermediary, the Firm is involved in structuring VIE transactions to meet investor and client needs. The Firm intermediates various types of risks (including fixed income, equity and credit), typically using derivative instruments as further discussed below. In certain circumstances, the Firm also provides liquidity and other support to the VIEs to facilitate the transaction. The Firm’s current exposure to nonconsolidated VIEs is reflected in its Consolidated balance sheets or in the Notes to consolidated financial state- ments. The risks inherent in derivative instruments or liquidity commitments are managed similarly to other credit, market and liquidity risks to which the Firm is exposed. The Firm intermediates principally with the following types of VIEs: credit-linked note vehicles and municipal bond vehicles. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 113 The Firm structures credit-linked notes in which the VIE purchases highly-rated assets (such as asset-backed securities) and enters into a credit derivative contract with the Firm to obtain exposure to a referenced credit not held by the VIE. Credit-linked notes are issued by the VIE to transfer the risk of the referenced credit to the investors in the VIE. Clients and investors often prefer a VIE structure, since the credit-linked notes generally carry a higher credit rating than they would if issued directly by JPMorgan Chase. The Firm is involved with municipal bond vehicles for the purpose of creating a series of secondary market trusts that allow tax-exempt investors to finance their investments at short-term tax-exempt rates. The VIE purchases fixed-rate, longer-term highly-rated municipal bonds by issuing puttable floating-rate certificates and inverse floating-rate certificates; the investors in the inverse floating-rate certificates are exposed to the residual losses of the VIE (the “residual interests”). For vehicles in which the Firm owns the residual interests, the Firm consolidates the VIE. In vehicles where third-party investors own the residual interests, the Firm’s exposure is limited because of the high credit quality of the underlying municipal bonds, the unwind triggers based upon the market value of the underlying collateral and the residual interests held by third parties. The Firm often serves as remarketing agent for the VIE and provides liquidity to support the remarketing. Assets held by credit-linked and municipal bond vehicles at December 31, 2005 and 2004, were as follows: December 31, (in billions) 2005 2004 Credit-linked note vehicles (a) $ 13.5 $ 17.8 Municipal bond vehicles (b) 13.7 7.5 (a) Assets of $1.8 billion and $2.3 billion reported in the table above were recorded on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, due to contractual relationships held by the Firm that relate to collateral held by the VIE. (b) Total amounts consolidated due to the Firm owning residual interests were $4.9 billion and $2.6 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, and are reported in the table. Total liquidity commitments were $5.8 billion and $3.1 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The Firm’s maximum credit exposure to all municipal bond vehicles was $10.7 billion and $5.7 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Finally, the Firm may enter into transactions with VIEs structured by other parties. These transactions can include, for example, acting as a derivative counterparty, liquidity provider, investor, underwriter, placement agent, trustee or custodian. These transactions are conducted at arm’s length, and individual credit decisions are based upon the analysis of the specific VIE, taking into consideration the quality of the underlying assets. JPMorgan Chase records and reports these positions similarly to any other third-party transaction. These activities do not cause JPMorgan Chase to absorb a majority of the expected losses of the VIEs or to receive a majority of the residual returns of the VIE, and they are not considered significant for disclosure purposes. Consolidated VIE assets The following table summarizes the Firm’s total consolidated VIE assets, by classification on the Consolidated balance sheets, as of December 31, 2005 and 2004: December 31, (in billions) 2005 2004 Consolidated VIE assets (a) Investment securities (b) $ 1.9 $ 10.6 Trading assets (c) 9.3 4.7 Loans 8.1 3.4 Interests in purchased receivables 29.6 31.6 Other assets 3.0 0.4 Total consolidated assets $ 51.9 $ 50.7 (a) The Firm also holds $3.9 billion and $3.4 billion of assets, at December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively, primarily as a seller’s interest, in certain consumer securi- tizations in a segregated entity, as part of a two-step securitization transaction. This interest is included in the securitization activities disclosed in Note 13 on pages 108–111 of this Annual Report. (b) The decline in balance is primarily attributable to the sale of the Firm’s interest in a structured investment vehicle’s capital notes and resulting deconsolidation of this vehicle in 2005. (c) Includes the fair value of securities and derivatives. Interests in purchased receivables include interests in receivables purchased by Firm-administered conduits, which have been consolidated in accordance with FIN 46R. Interests in purchased receivables are carried at cost and are reviewed to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment exists. Based upon the current level of credit protection specified in each transaction, primarily through overcollateralization, the Firm determined that no other- than-temporary impairment existed at December 31, 2005. The interest-bearing beneficial interest liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are classified in the line item titled, “Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities” on the Consolidated balance sheets. The holders of these beneficial interests do not have recourse to the general credit of JPMorgan Chase. See Note 17 on page 117 of this Annual Report for the maturity profile of FIN 46 long-term beneficial interests. FIN 46R transition In December 2003, the FASB issued a revision to FIN 46 (“FIN 46R”) to address various technical corrections and implementation issues that had arisen since the issuance of FIN 46. Effective March 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase implemented FIN 46R for all VIEs, excluding certain investments made by its private equity business, as previously discussed. Implementation of FIN 46R did not have a significant effect on the Firm’s Consolidated financial statements. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 114 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Note 15 – Goodwill and other intangible assets Goodwill is not amortized but instead tested for impairment in accordance with SFAS 142 at the reporting-unit segment, which is generally one level below the six major reportable business segments (as described in Note 31 on pages 130–131 of this Annual Report); plus Private Equity (which is included in Corporate). Goodwill is tested annually (during the fourth quarter) or more often if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the busi- ness climate, indicate there may be impairment. Intangible assets determined to have indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The impairment test compares the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. Other acquired intangible assets determined to have finite lives, such as core deposits and credit card relationships, are amortized over their estimated useful lives in a manner that best reflects the economic benefits of the intangible asset. In addition, impairment testing is performed periodically on these amortizing intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets consist of the following: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Goodwill $ 43,621 $ 43,203 Mortgage servicing rights 6,452 5,080 Purchased credit card relationships 3,275 3,878 December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 All other intangibles: Other credit card–related intangibles $ 124 $ 272 Core deposit intangibles 2,705 3,328 All other intangibles 2,003 2,126 Total All other intangible assets $ 4,832 $ 5,726 Goodwill As of December 31, 2005, goodwill increased by $418 million compared with December 31, 2004, principally in connection with the establishment of the business partnership with Cazenove, as well as the acquisitions of Vastera, Neovest and the Sears Canada credit card business. These increases to Goodwill were partially offset by the deconsolidation of Paymentech. Goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2005 or 2004, nor was any goodwill written off due to impairment during the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 or 2003. Goodwill attributed to the business segments was as follows: Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Goodwill resulting (in millions) 2005 2004 from the Merger Investment Bank $ 3,531 $ 3,309 $ 1,179 Retail Financial Services 14,991 15,022 14,576 Card Services 12,984 12,781 12,802 Commercial Banking 2,651 2,650 2,599 Treasury & Securities Services 2,062 2,044 465 Asset & Wealth Management 7,025 7,020 2,539 Corporate (Private Equity) 377 377 — Total goodwill $ 43,621 $ 43,203 $ 34,160 Mortgage servicing rights JPMorgan Chase recognizes as intangible assets mortgage servicing rights, which represent the right to perform specified residential mortgage servicing activities for others. MSRs are either purchased from third parties or retained upon sale or securitization of mortgage loans. Servicing activities include collecting principal, interest, and escrow payments from borrowers; making tax and insurance payments on behalf of the borrowers; monitoring delinquencies and executing foreclosure proceedings; and accounting for and remitting principal and interest payments to the investors of the mortgage-backed securities. The amount capitalized as MSRs represents the amount paid to third parties to acquire MSRs or is based on fair value, if retained upon the sale or securitization of mortgage loans. The Firm estimates the fair value of MSRs using a discounted future cash flow model. The model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenues and costs to service, as well as other economic factors. During the fourth quarter of 2005, the Firm enhanced its valuation of MSRs by utilizing an option-adjusted spread (“OAS”) valuation approach. An OAS approach projects MSR cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios in conjunction with the Firm’s proprietary prepayment model, and then discounts these cash flows at risk-adjusted rates. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2005, MSRs were valued using cash flows and discount rates determined by a “static” or single interest rate path valuation model. The initial valuation of MSRs under OAS did not have a material impact on the Firm’s financial statements. The Firm compares fair value estimates and assumptions to observable market data where available and to recent market activity and actual portfolio experience. Management believes that the assumptions used to estimate fair values are supportable and reasonable. The Firm accounts for its MSRs at the lower of cost or fair value, in accordance with SFAS 140. MSRs are amortized as a reduction of the actual servicing income received in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income stream of the underlying mortgage loans. For purposes of evaluating and measuring impairment of MSRs, the Firm stratifies the portfolio on the basis of the predominant risk characteristics, which are loan type and interest rate. Any indicated impairment is recognized as a reduction in revenue through a valuation allowance, which represents the extent that the carrying value of an individual stratum exceeds its estimated fair value. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 115 The Firm evaluates other-than-temporary impairment by reviewing changes in mortgage and other market interest rates over historical periods and then determines an interest rate scenario to estimate the amounts of the MSRs’ gross carrying value and the related valuation allowance that could be expected to be recovered in the foreseeable future. Any gross carrying value and related valuation allowance amounts that are not expected to be recovered in the foreseeable future, based upon the interest rate scenario, are considered to be other-than-temporary. The carrying value of MSRs is sensitive to changes in interest rates, including their effect on prepayment speeds. JPMorgan Chase uses a combination of derivatives, AFS securities and trading instruments to manage changes in the fair value of MSRs. The intent is to offset any changes in the fair value of MSRs with changes in the fair value of the related risk management instrument. MSRs decrease in value when interest rates decline. Conversely, securities (such as mortgage-backed securities), principal-only certificates and derivatives (when the Firm receives fixed-rate interest payments) decrease in value when interest rates increase. The Firm offsets the interest rate risk of its MSRs by designating certain derivatives (e.g., a combination of swaps, swaptions and floors that produces an interest rate profile opposite to the designated risk of the hedged MSRs) as fair value hedges of specified MSRs under SFAS 133. SFAS 133 hedge accounting allows the carrying value of the hedged MSRs to be adjusted through earnings in the same period that the change in value of the hedging derivatives is recognized through earnings. Both of these valuation adjustments are recorded in Mortgage fees and related income. When applying SFAS 133, the loans underlying the MSRs being hedged are stratified into specific SFAS 133 asset groupings that possess similar interest rate and prepayment risk exposures. The documented hedge period for the Firm is daily. Daily adjustments are performed to incorporate new or terminated derivative contracts and to modify the amount of the corresponding similar asset grouping that is being hedged. The Firm has designated changes in the benchmark interest rate (LIBOR) as the hedged risk. In designating the bench- mark interest rate, the Firm considers the impact that the change in the benchmark rate has on the prepayment speed estimates in determining the fair value of the MSRs. The Firm performs both prospective and retrospective hedge-effectiveness evaluations, using a regression analysis, to determine whether the hedge relationship is expected to be highly effective. Hedge effectiveness is assessed by comparing the change in value of the MSRs as a result of changes in benchmark interest rates to the change in the value of the designated derivatives. For a further discussion on derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 26 on page 123 of this Annual Report. Securities (both AFS and Trading) also are used to manage the risk exposure of MSRs. Because these securities do not qualify as hedges under SFAS 133, they are accounted for under SFAS 115. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities are recognized in earnings in Mortgage fees and related income; interest income on the AFS securities is recognized in earnings in Net interest income; and unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities are reported in Other comprehensive income. Finally, certain nonhedge derivatives, which have not been designated by management in SFAS 133 hedge relation- ships, are used to manage the economic risk exposure of MSRs and are recorded in Mortgage fees and related income. Certain AFS securities purchased by the Firm to manage structural interest rate risk were designated in 2005 as risk management instruments of MSRs. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the unrealized loss on AFS securities used to manage the risk exposure of MSRs was $174 million and $3 million, respectively. The following table summarizes MSR activity and related amortization for the dates indicated. It also includes the key assumptions and the sensitivity of the fair value of MSRs at December 31, 2005, to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in each of those assumptions. Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Balance at January 1 $ 6,111 $ 6,159 $ 4,864 Additions 1,897 1,757 3,201 Bank One merger NA 90 NA Sales — (3) — Other-than-temporary impairment (1) (149) (283) Amortization (1,295) (1,297) (1,397) SFAS 133 hedge valuation adjustments 90 (446) (226) Balance at December 31 6,802 6,111 6,159 Less: valuation allowance 350 1,031 1,378 Balance at December 31, after valuation allowance $ 6,452 $ 5,080 $ 4,781 Estimated fair value at December 31 $ 6,668 $ 5,124 $ 4,781 Weighted-average prepayment speed assumption (CPR) 17.56% 17.29% 17.67% Weighted-average discount rate 9.68% 7.93% 7.31% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. CPR: Constant prepayment rate 2005 Weighted-average prepayment speed assumption (CPR) 17.56% Impact on fair value with 10% adverse change $ (340) Impact on fair value with 20% adverse change (654) Weighted-average discount rate 9.68% Impact on fair value with 10% adverse change $ (231) Impact on fair value with 20% adverse change (446) CPR: Constant prepayment rate. The sensitivity analysis in the preceding table is hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures indicate, changes in fair value based upon a 10% and 20% variation in assumptions generally cannot be easily extrapolated because the relationship of the change in the assumptions to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect that a change in a particular assumption may have on the fair value is calculated without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. The valuation allowance represents the extent to which the carrying value of MSRs exceeds its estimated fair value for its applicable SFAS 140 strata. Changes in the valuation allowance are the result of the recognition of impairment or the recovery of previously recognized impairment charges due to changes in market conditions during the period. The changes in the valuation allowance for MSRs were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Balance at January 1 $ 1,031 $ 1,378 $ 1,634 Other-than-temporary impairment (1) (149) (283) SFAS 140 impairment (recovery) adjustment (680) (198) 27 Balance at December 31 $ 350 $ 1,031 $ 1,378 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results, while 2003 results include heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 116 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The Firm recorded an other-than-temporary impairment of its MSRs of $1 million, $149 million and $283 million, in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, which permanently reduced the gross carrying value of the MSRs and the related valuation allowance. The permanent reduction precludes subsequent reversals. This write-down had no impact on the results of operations or financial condition of the Firm. Purchased credit card relationships and All other intangible assets During 2005, purchased credit card relationship intangibles decreased by $603 million as a result of $703 million in amortization expense, partially offset by the purchase of the Sears Canada credit card business. All other intangible assets decreased by $894 million in 2005 primarily as a result of $836 million in amortization expense and the impact of the deconsolidation of Paymentech. Except for $513 million of indefinite-lived intangibles related to asset management advisory contracts which are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually, the remainder of the Firm’s other acquired intangible assets are subject to amortization. Note 16 – Premises and equipment Premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. JPMorgan Chase computes depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of an asset. For leasehold improvements, the Firm uses the straight-line method computed over the lesser of the remaining term of the leased facility or 10 years. JPMorgan Chase has recorded immaterial asset retirement obligations related to asbestos remediation under SFAS 143 and FIN 47 in those cases where it has sufficient information to estimate the obligations’ fair value. JPMorgan Chase capitalizes certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software under SOP 98-1. Once the software is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software’s expected useful life, and reviewed for impairment on an ongoing basis. The components of credit card relationships, core deposits and other intangible assets were as follows: 2005 2004 Net Net Gross Accumulated carrying Gross Accumulated carrying December 31, (in millions) amount amortization value amount amortization value Purchased credit card relationships $ 5,325 $ 2,050 $ 3,275 $ 5,225 $ 1,347 $ 3,878 All other intangibles: Other credit card–related intangibles 183 59 124 295 23 272 Core deposit intangibles 3,797 1,092 2,705 3,797 469 3,328 Other intangibles 2,582 579 (a) 2,003 2,528 402 (a) 2,126 Amortization expense (in millions) (b) 2005 2004 2003 Purchased credit card relationships $ 703 $ 476 $ 256 Other credit card–related intangibles 36 23 — Core deposit intangibles 623 330 6 All other intangibles 163 117 32 Total amortization expense $ 1,525 $ 946 $ 294 (a) Includes $14 million and $16 million for 2005 and 2004, respectively, of amortization expense related to servicing assets on s ecuritized automobile loans, which is recorded in Asset management, administration and commissions. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Future amortization expense The following table presents estimated amortization expenses related to credit card relationships, core deposits and All other intangible assets at December 31, 2005: Other credit (in millions) Purchased credit card-related Core deposit All other Year ended December 31, card relationships intangibles intangibles intangible assets Total 2006 $ 688 $ 16 $ 547 $ 163 $ 1,414 2007 620 15 469 145 1,249 2008 515 15 402 132 1,064 2009 372 15 329 123 839 2010 312 13 276 110 711 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 117 Note 17 – Long-term debt JPMorgan Chase issues long-term debt denominated in various currencies, although predominantly U.S. dollars, with both fixed and variable interest rates. The following table is a summary of long-term debt (including unamortized original issue debt discount and SFAS 133 valuation a djustments): By remaining contractual maturity at December 31, 2005 Under After 2005 2004 (in millions) 1 year 1–5 years 5 years total total Parent company Senior debt: (a) Fixed rate $ 5,991 $ 14,705 $ 4,224 $ 24,920 $ 25,563 Variable rate 3,574 11,049 2,291 16,914 15,128 Interest rates (b) 2.80–6.88% 0.22–6.63% 1.12–8.85% 0.22–8.85% 0.20–7.63% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ 758 $ 8,241 $ 15,818 $ 24,817 $ 22,055 Variable rate — 26 1,797 1,823 2,686 Interest rates (b) 6.13–7.88% 4.80–10.00% 1.92–9.88% 1.92–10.00% 1.92–10.00% Subtotal $ 10,323 $ 34,021 $ 24,130 $ 68,474 $ 65,432 Subsidiaries Senior debt: (a) Fixed rate $ 636 $ 3,746 $ 2,362 $ 6,744 $ 6,249 Variable rate 5,364 21,632 5,013 32,009 22,097 Interest rates (b) 3.00–10.95% 1.71–17.00% 1.76–13.00% 1.71–17.00% 1.71–13.00% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ — $ 845 $ 285 $ 1,130 $ 1,644 Variable rate — — — — — Interest rates (b) — 6.13–6.70% 8.25% 6.13–8.25% 6.00–8.25% Subtotal $ 6,000 $ 26,223 $ 7,660 $ 39,883 $ 29,990 Total long-term debt $ 16,323 $ 60,244 $ 31,790 $ 108,357 (d)(e)(f) $ 95,422 FIN 46R long-term beneficial interests: (c) Fixed rate $ 80 $ 9 $ 376 $ 465 $ 775 Variable rate 26 95 1,768 1,889 5,618 Interest rates (b) 3.39–7.35% 0.51–7.00% 2.42–12.79% 0.51–12.79% 0.54–12.79% Total FIN 46R long-term beneficial interests $ 106 $ 104 $ 2,144 $ 2,354 $ 6,393 (a) Included are various equity-linked or other indexed instruments. Embedded derivatives separated from hybrid securities in acc ordance with SFAS 133 are reported at fair value and shown net with the host contract on the balance sheet. Changes in fair value of separated derivatives are recorded in Trading revenue. (b) The interest rates shown are the range of contractual rates in effect at year-end, including non-U.S. dollar fixed and variabl e-rate issuances, which excludes the effects of related derivative instruments. The use of these derivative instruments modifies the Firm’s exposure to the contractual interest rates disclosed in the table above. Including the effects of derivatives, the range of modified rates in effect at December 31, 2005, for total long-term debt was 0.49% to 17.00%, versus the contractual range of 0. 22% to 17.00% presented in the table above. (c) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities. (d) At December 31, 2005, long-term debt aggregating $27.7 billion was redeemable at the option of JPMorgan Chase, in whole or in p art, prior to maturity, based upon the terms specified in the respective notes. (e) The aggregate principal amount of debt that matures in each of the five years subsequent to 2005 is $16.3 billion in 2006, $1 7.8 billion in 2007, $23.4 billion in 2008, $11.1 billion in 2009, and $8.0 billion in 2010. (f) Includes $2.3 billion of outstanding zero-coupon notes at December 31, 2005. The aggregate principal amount of these notes at their respective maturities is $5.9 billion. The weighted-average contractual interest rate for total long-term debt was 4.62% and 4.50% as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. In order to modify exposure to interest rate and currency exchange rate movements, JPMorgan Chase utilizes derivative instruments, primarily interest rate and cross-currency interest rate swaps, in conjunction with some of its debt issues. The use of these instruments modifies the Firm’s interest expense on the associated debt. The modified weighted-average interest rate for total long- term debt, including the effects of related derivative instruments, was 4.65% and 3.97% as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Parent Company) has guaranteed certain debt of its subsidiaries, including both long-term debt and structured notes sold as part of the Firm’s trading activities. These guarantees rank on a parity with all of the Firm’s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. Guaranteed liabilities totaled $170 million and $320 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities At December 31, 2005, the Firm had 22 wholly-owned Delaware statutory business trusts (“issuer trusts”) that issued guaranteed preferred beneficial interests in the Firm’s junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures. The junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures issued by the Firm to the issuer trusts, totaling $11.5 billion and $10.3 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, were reflected in the Firm’s Consolidated bal- ance sheets in the Liabilities section under the caption “Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities.” The Firm also records the common capital securities issued by the issuer trusts in Other assets in its Consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2005 and 2004. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 118 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The following is a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s preferred stock outstanding as of December 31: Stated value and Rate in effect at (in millions, except redemption Shares Outstanding at December 31, Earliest December 31, per share amounts and rates) price per share (b) 2005 2004 2005 2004 redemption date 2005 6.63% Series H cumulative (a) $ 500.00 0.28 0.28 $ 139 $ 139 3/31/2006 6.63% Fixed/adjustable rate, noncumulative 50.00 — 4.00 — 200 — — Total preferred stock 0.28 4.28 $ 139 $ 339 (a) Represented by depositary shares. (b) Redemption price includes amount shown in the table plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. The debentures issued to the issuer trusts by the Firm, less the capital securities of the issuer trusts, qualify as Tier 1 capital. The following is a summary of the outstanding capital securities, net of discount, issued by each trust and the junior subordinated deferrable interest debenture issued by JPM organ Chase to each trust as of December 31, 2005: Amount Principal Stated maturity of capital amount of of capital securities debenture securities Earliest Interest rate of Interest issued held Issue and redemption capital securities payment/ December 31, 2005 (in millions) by trust (a) by trust (b) date debentures date and debentures distribution dates Bank One Capital III $ 474 $ 616 2000 2030 Any time 8.75% Semiannually Bank One Capital V 300 335 2001 2031 2006 8.00% Quarterly Bank One Capital VI 525 556 2001 2031 2006 7.20% Quarterly Chase Capital I 600 619 1996 2026 2006 7.67% Semiannually Chase Capital II 495 511 1997 2027 2007 LIBOR + 0.50% Quarterly Chase Capital III 296 306 1997 2027 2007 LIBOR + 0.55% Quarterly Chase Capital VI 249 256 1998 2028 Any time LIBOR + 0.625% Quarterly First Chicago NBD Capital I 248 256 1997 2027 2007 LIBOR + 0.55% Quarterly First Chicago NBD Institutional Capital A 499 551 1996 2026 2006 7.95% Semiannually First Chicago NBD Institutional Capital B 250 273 1996 2026 2006 7.75% Semiannually First USA Capital Trust I 3 3 1996 2027 2007 9.33% Semiannually JPM Capital Trust I 750 773 1996 2027 2007 7.54% Semiannually JPM Capital Trust II 400 412 1997 2027 2007 7.95% Semiannually J.P . Morgan Chase Capital IX 500 509 2001 2031 2006 7.50% Quarterly J.P . Morgan Chase Capital X 1,000 1,022 2002 2032 2007 7.00% Quarterly J.P . Morgan Chase Capital XI 1,075 1,009 2003 2033 2008 5.88% Quarterly J.P . Morgan Chase Capital XII 400 393 2003 2033 2008 6.25% Quarterly JPMorgan Chase Capital XIII 472 487 2004 2034 2014 LIBOR + 0.95% Quarterly JPMorgan Chase Capital XIV 600 593 2004 2034 2009 6.20% Quarterly JPMorgan Chase Capital XV 994 1,049 2005 2035 Any time 5.88% Semiannually JPMorgan Chase Capital XVI 500 501 2005 2035 2010 6.35% Quarterly JPMorgan Chase Capital XVII 496 499 2005 2035 Any time 5.85% Semiannually Total $ 11,126 $ 11,529 (a) Represents the amount of capital securities issued to the public by each trust, net of unamortized discount. (b) Represents the principal amount of JPMorgan Chase debentures held as assets by each trust, net of unamortized discount amount s. The principal amount of debentures held by the trusts includes the impact of hedging and purchase accounting fair value adjustments that are recorded on the Firm’s financial statements. Note 18 – Preferred stock JPMorgan Chase is authorized to issue 200 million shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, with a par value of $1 per share. Outstanding preferred stock at December 31, 2005 and 2004, was 280,433 and 4.28 million shares, respectively. On May 6, 2005, JPMorgan Chase redeemed a total of 4.0 million shares of its Fixed/adjustable rate, noncumulative preferred stock. Dividends on shares of the outstanding series of preferred stock are payable quarterly. The preferred stock outstanding takes precedence over JPMorgan Chase’s common stock for the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Firm. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 119 Note 19 – Common stock At December 31, 2005, JPMorgan Chase was authorized to issue 9.0 billion shares of common stock with a $1 par value per share. In connection with the Merger, the shareholders approved an increase in the amount of authorized shares of 4.5 billion from the 4.5 billion that had been authorized as of December 31, 2003. Common shares issued (newly issued or distributed from treasury) by JPMorgan Chase during 2005, 2004 and 2003 were as follows: December 31, (a) (in millions) 2005 2004 2003 Issued – balance at January 1 3,584.8 2,044.4 2,023.6 Newly issued: Employee benefits and compensation plans 34.0 69.0 20.9 Employee stock purchase plans 1.4 3.1 0.7 Purchase accounting acquisitions and other — 1,469.4 — Total newly issued 35.4 1,541.5 21.6 Cancelled shares (2.0) (1.1) (0.8) Total issued – balance at December 31 3,618.2 3,584.8 2,044.4 Treasury – balance at January 1 (28.6) (1.8) (24.9) Purchase of treasury stock (93.5) (19.3) — Share repurchases related to employee stock-based awards (b) (9.4) (7.5) (3.0) Issued from treasury: Employee benefits and compensation plans — — 25.8 Employee stock purchase plans — — 0.3 Total issued from treasury — — 26.1 Total treasury – balance at December 31 (131.5) (28.6) (1.8) Outstanding 3,486.7 3,556.2 2,042.6 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Participants in the Firm’s stock-based incentive plans may have shares withheld to cover income taxes. The shares withheld amounted to 8.2 million, 5.7 million and 2.3 million for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. During 2005 and 2004, the Firm repurchased 93.5 million shares and 19.3 million shares, respectively, of common stock under a stock repurchase program that was approved by the Board of Directors on July 20, 2004. The Firm did not repurchase shares of its common stock during 2003 under a prior stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2005, approximately 507 million unissued shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under various employee or director incentive, compensation, option and stock purchase plans. Note 20 – Earnings per share SFAS 128 requires the presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) in the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income applicable to common stock by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is computed using the same method as basic EPS but, in the denominator, the number of common shares reflect, in addition to outstanding shares, the potential dilution that could occur if convertible securities or other contracts to issue common stock were converted or exercised into common stock. Net income available for common stock is the same for basic EPS and diluted EPS, as JPMorgan Chase had no convertible securities, and therefore, no adjustments to net income available for common stock were necessary. The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted EPS for 2005, 2004 and 2003: Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Basic earnings per share Net income $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 Less: preferred stock dividends 13 52 51 Net income applicable to common stock $ 8,470 $ 4,414 $ 6,668 Weighted-average basic shares outstanding 3,491.7 2,779.9 2,008.6 Net income per share $ 2.43 $ 1.59 $ 3.32 Diluted earnings per share Net income applicable to common stock $ 8,470 $ 4,414 $ 6,668 Weighted-average basic shares outstanding 3,491.7 2,779.9 2,008.6 Add: Broad-based options 3.6 5.4 4.1 Restricted stock, restricted stock units and key employee options 62.0 65.3 42.4 Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding 3,557.3 2,850.6 2,055.1 Net income per share (b) $ 2.38 $ 1.55 $ 3.24 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Options issued under employee benefit plans to purchase 280 million, 300 million and 335 million shares of common stock were outstanding for the years ended 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the options’ exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares. Note 21 – Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) includes the after-tax change in unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities, cash flow hedging activities and foreign currency translation adjustments (including the impact of related derivatives). Accumulated Year ended Unrealized Cash other December 31, (a) gains (losses) Translation flow comprehensive (in millions) on AFS securities (b) adjustments hedges income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2002 $ 731 $ (6) $ 502 $ 1,227 Net change (712) — (545) (1,257) Balance at December 31, 2003 19 (6) (43) (30) Net change (80) (c) (2)(d) (96) (178) Balance at December 31, 2004 (61) (8) (139) (208) Net change (163) (e) —(f) (255) (418) Balance at December 31, 2005 $ (224) $ (8) $ (394) $ (626) (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents the after-tax difference between the fair value and amortized cost of the AFS securities portfolio and retained interests in securitizations recorded in Other assets. (c) The net change during 2004 was due primarily to rising interest rates and recognition of unrealized gains through securities sales. (d) Includes $280 million of after-tax gains (losses) on foreign currency translation from opera- tions for which the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar offset by $(282) million of after-tax gains (losses) on hedges. (e) The net change during 2005 was due primarily to higher interest rates, partially offset by the reversal of unrealized losses through securities sales. (f) Includes $(351) million of after-tax gains (losses) on foreign currency translation from oper- ations for which the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar offset by $351 million of after-tax gains (losses) on hedges. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 120 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The following table presents the after-tax changes in net unrealized holdings gains (losses) and the reclassification adjustments in unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities and cash flow hedges. Reclassification adjustments include amounts recognized in net income during the current year that had been previously recorded in Other comprehensive income. Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities: Net unrealized holdings gains (losses) arising during the period, net of taxes (b) $ (1,058) $ 41 $ 149 Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in income, net of taxes (c) 895 (121) (861) Net change $ (163) $ (80) $ (712) Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized holdings gains (losses) arising during the period, net of taxes (d) $ (283) $3 4 $ 8 6 Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in income, net of taxes (e) 28 (130) (631) Net change $ (255) $ (96) $ (545) (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Net of income tax expense (benefit) of $(648) million for 2005, $27 million for 2004 and $92 million for 2003. (c) Net of income tax expense (benefit) of $(548) million for 2005, $79 million for 2004 and $528 million for 2003. (d) Net of income tax expense (benefit) of $(187) million for 2005, $23 million for 2004 and $60 million for 2003. (e) Net of income tax expense (benefit) of $(18) million for 2005 and $86 million for 2004 and $438 million for 2003. Note 22 – Income taxes JPMorgan Chase and eligible subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. JPMorgan Chase uses the asset-and-liability method required by SFAS 109 to provide income taxes on all transactions recorded in the Consolidated financial statements. This method requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. Accordingly, a deferred tax liability or asset for each temporary difference is determined based upon the tax rates that the Firm expects to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. JPMorgan Chase’s expense for income taxes includes the current and deferred portions of that expense. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount the Firm expects to realize. Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of the Firm’s busi- nesses, and from conducting business and being taxed in a substantial number of jurisdictions, significant judgments and estimates are required to be made. Agreement of tax liabilities between JPMorgan Chase and the many tax jurisdictions in which the Firm files tax returns may not be finalized for several years. Thus, the Firm’s final tax-related assets and liabilities may ultimately be different. Deferred income tax expense (benefit) results from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting and for income-tax return purposes. The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected in the following table: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Deferred tax assets Allowance for other than loan losses $ 3,554 $ 3,711 Employee benefits 3,381 2,677 Allowance for loan losses 2,745 2,739 Non-U.S. operations 807 743 Fair value adjustments 531 — Gross deferred tax assets $ 11,018 $ 9,870 Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization $ 3,683 $ 3,558 Leasing transactions 3,158 4,266 Fee income 1,396 1,162 Non-U.S. operations 1,297 1,144 Fair value adjustments — 186 Other, net 149 348 Gross deferred tax liabilities $ 9,683 $10,664 Valuation allowance $1 1 0 $ 150 Net deferred tax asset (liability) $ 1,225 $ (944) A valuation allowance has been recorded in accordance with SFAS 109, primarily relating to deferred tax assets associated with certain portfolio investments. The components of income tax expense included in the Consolidated statements of income were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Current income tax expense U.S. federal $ 4,269 $ 1,695 $ 965 Non-U.S. 917 679 741 U.S. state and local 337 181 175 Total current expense 5,523 2,555 1,881 Deferred income tax (benefit) expense U.S. federal (2,063) (382) 1,341 Non-U.S. 316 (322) 14 U.S. state and local (44) (123) 73 Total deferred (benefit) expense (1,791) (827) 1,428 Total income tax expense $ 3,732 $ 1,728 $ 3,309 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The preceding table does not reflect the tax effects of unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities, SFAS 133 hedge transactions and certain tax benefits associated with the Firm’s employee stock plans. The tax effect of these items is recorded directly in Stockholders’ equity. Stockholders’ equity increased by $425 million, $431 million and $898 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, as a result of these tax effects. U.S. federal income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, to the extent that such earnings have been reinvested abroad for an indefinite period of time. For 2005, such earnings approximated $333 million on a pre-tax basis. At December 31, 2005, the cumulative amount of undistributed pre-tax earnings in these subsidiaries approximated $1.5 billion. It is not practicable at this time to determine the income tax liability that would result upon repatriation of these earnings. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 121 Restrictions imposed by federal law prohibit JPMorgan Chase and certain other affiliates from borrowing from banking subsidiaries unless the loans are secured in specified amounts. Such secured loans to the Firm or to other affiliates are generally limited to 10% of the banking subsidiary’s total capital, as determined by the risk-based capital guidelines; the aggregate amount of all such loans is limited to 20% of the banking subsidiary’s total capital. The principal sources of JPMorgan Chase’s income (on a parent company-only basis) are dividends and interest from JPMorgan Chase Bank and the other banking and nonbanking subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase. In addition to dividend restrictions set forth in statutes and regulations, the FRB, the OCC and the FDIC have authority under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries that are banks or bank holding companies, if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. At January 1, 2006 and 2005, JPMorgan Chase’s bank subsidiaries could pay, in the aggregate, $7.4 billion and $6.2 billion, respectively, in dividends to their respective bank holding companies without prior approval of their relevant banking regulators. Dividend capacity in 2006 will be supplemented by the banks’ earnings during the year. In compliance with rules and regulations established by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, cash in the amount of $6.4 billion and $4.3 billion, respectively, and securities with a fair value of $2.1 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively, were segregated in special bank accounts for the benefit of securities and futures brokerage customers. Note 24 – Capital There are two categories of risk-based capital: Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Tier 1 capital includes common stockholders’ equity, qualifying preferred stock and minority interest less goodwill and other adjustments. Tier 2 capital consists of preferred stock not qualifying as Tier 1, subordinated long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2, and the aggregate allowance for credit losses up to a certain percentage of risk-weighted assets. Total regulatory capital is subject to deductions for investments in certain subsidiaries. Under the risk-based capital guidelines of the FRB, JPMorgan Chase is required to maintain minimum ratios of Tier 1 and Total (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital to risk- weighted assets, as well as minimum leverage ratios (which are defined as Tier 1 capital to average adjusted on–balance sheet assets). Failure to meet these minimum requirements could cause the FRB to take action. Bank subsidiaries also are subject to these capital requirements by their respective primary regulators. As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, JPMorgan Chase and all of its banking subsidiaries were well-capitalized and met all capital requirements to which each was subject. On October 22, 2004, the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the “Act”) was signed into law. The Act creates a temporary incentive for U.S. companies to repatriate accumulated foreign earnings at a substantially reduced U.S. effective tax rate by providing a dividends received deduction on the repatriation of certain foreign earnings to the U.S. taxpayer (the “repatriation provision”). The new deduction is subject to a number of limitations and requirements. In the fourth quarter of 2005, the Firm applied the repatriation provision to $1.9 billion of cash from foreign earnings, resulting in a net tax benefit of $55 million. The $1.9 billion of cash will be used in accordance with the Firm’s domestic reinvestment plan pursuant to the guidelines set forth in the Act. The tax expense (benefit) applicable to securities gains and losses for the years 2005, 2004 and 2003 was $(536) million, $126 million and $477 million, respectively. A reconciliation of the applicable statutory U.S. income tax rate to the effective tax rate for the past three years is shown in the following table: Year ended December 31, (a) 2005 2004 2003 Statutory U.S. federal tax rate 35.0% 35.0% 35.0% Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: U.S. state and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 1.6 0.6 (b) 2.1 Tax-exempt income (3.0) (4.1) (2.4) Non-U.S. subsidiary earnings (1.4) (1.3) (0.7) Business tax credits (3.6) (4.1) (0.9) Other, net 2.0 1.8 (0.1) Effective tax rate 30.6% 27.9% 33.0% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) The lower rate in 2004 was attributable to changes in the proportion of income subject to different state and local taxes. The following table presents the U.S. and non-U.S. components of income before income tax expense: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 U.S. $ 8,959 $ 3,817 $ 7,333 Non-U.S.(b) 3,256 2,377 2,695 Income before income tax expense $ 12,215 $ 6,194 $ 10,028 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the United States of America. Note 23 – Restrictions on cash and intercompany funds transfers JPMorgan Chase Bank’s business is subject to examination and regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”). The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”). The Federal Reserve Board requires depository institutions to maintain cash reserves with a Federal Reserve Bank. The average amount of reserve balances deposited by the Firm’s bank subsidiaries with various Federal Reserve Banks was approximately $2.7 billion in 2005 and $3.8 billion in 2004. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 122 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The following table presents the risk-based capital ratios for JPMorgan Chase and the Firm’s significant banking subsidiaries a t December 31, 2005 and 2004: Tier 1 Total Risk-weighted Adjusted Tier 1 Total Tier 1 (in millions, except ratios) capital capital assets (c) average assets (d) capital ratio capital ratio leverage ratio December 31, 2005 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (a) $ 72,474 $ 102,437 $ 850,643 $ 1,152,546 8.5% 12.0% 6.3% JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 61,050 84,227 750,397 995,095 8.1 11.2 6.1 Chase Bank USA, N.A. 8,608 10,941 72,229 59,882 11.9 15.2 14.4 December 31, 2004 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (a) $ 68,621 $ 96,807 $ 791,373 $ 1,102,456 8.7% 12.2% 6.2% JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 55,489 78,478 670,295 922,877 8.3 11.7 6.0 Chase Bank USA, N.A. 8,726 11,186 86,955 71,797 10.0 12.9 12.2 Well-capitalized ratios (b) 6.0% 10.0% 5.0% (e) Minimum capital ratios (b) 4.0 8.0 3.0 (f) (a) Asset and capital amounts for JPMorgan Chase’s banking subsidiaries reflect intercompany transactions, whereas the respectiv e amounts for JPMorgan Chase reflect the elimination of intercompany transactions. (b) As defined by the regulations issued by the FRB, FDIC and OCC. (c) Includes off–balance sheet risk-weighted assets in the amounts of $279.2 billion, $260.0 billion and $15.5 billion, respectiv ely, at December 31, 2005, and $250.3 billion, $229.6 billion and $15.5 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2004. (d) Average adjusted assets for purposes of calculating the leverage ratio include total average assets adjusted for unrealized gains/losses on securities, less deductions for disallowed goodwill and other intangible assets, investments in subsidiaries and the total adjusted carrying value of nonfinancial equity investments th at are subject to deductions from Tier 1 capital. (e) Represents requirements for bank subsidiaries pursuant to regulations issued under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporatio n Improvement Act. There is no Tier 1 leverage component in the definition of a well-capitalized bank holding company. (f) The minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio for bank holding companies and banks is 3% or 4% depending on factors specified in regula tions issued by the FRB and OCC. The following table shows the components of the Firm’s Tier 1 and Total capital: December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Tier 1 capital Total stockholders’ equity $ 107,211 $ 105,653 Effect of net unrealized losses on AFS securities and cash flow hedging activities 618 200 Adjusted stockholders’ equity 107,829 105,853 Minority interest(a) 12,660 11,050 Less: Goodwill 43,621 43,203 Investments in certain subsidiaries 401 370 Nonqualifying intangible assets 3,993 4,709 Tier 1 capital $ 72,474 $ 68,621 Tier 2 capital Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 $ 22,733 $ 20,690 Qualifying allowance for credit losses 7,490 7,798 Less: Investments in certain subsidiaries and other 260 302 Tier 2 capital $ 29,963 $ 28,186 Total qualifying capital $ 102,437 $ 96,807 (a) Primarily includes trust preferred securities of certain business trusts. Note 25 – Commitments and contingencies At December 31, 2005, JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries were obligated under a number of noncancelable operating leases for premises and equipment used primarily for banking purposes. Certain leases contain renewal options or escalation clauses providing for increased rental payments based upon maintenance, utility and tax increases or require the Firm to perform restoration work on leased premises. No lease agreement imposes restrictions on the Firm’s ability to pay dividends, engage in debt or equity financing transactions, or enter into further lease agreements. The following table shows required future minimum rental payments under oper- ating leases with noncancelable lease terms that expire after December 31, 2005: Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2006 $ 993 2007 948 2008 901 2009 834 2010 724 After 5,334 Total minimum payments required (a) 9,734 Less: Sublease rentals under noncancelable subleases (1,323) Net minimum payment required $ 8,411 (a) Lease restoration obligations are accrued in accordance with SFAS 13, and are not reported as a required minimum lease payment. Total rental expense was as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Gross rental expense $ 1,269 $ 1,187 $1,061 Sublease rental income (192) (158) (106) Net rental expense $ 1,077 $ 1,029 $ 955 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. At December 31, 2005, assets were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes. The significant components of the assets pledged were as follows: December 31, (in billions) 2005 2004 Reverse repurchase/securities borrowing agreements $ 320 $ 238 Securities 24 49 Loans 74 75 Other(a) 99 90 Total assets pledged $ 517 $ 452 (a) Primarily composed of trading assets. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 123 Litigation reserve The Firm maintains litigation reserves for certain of its litigations, including its material legal proceedings. While the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain, management believes, in light of all information known to it at December 31, 2005, that the Firm’s litigation reserves were adequate at such date. Management reviews litigation reserves periodically, and the reserves may be increased or decreased in the future to reflect further litigation devel- opments. The Firm believes it has meritorious defenses to claims asserted against it in its currently outstanding litigation and, with respect to such liti- gation, intends to continue to defend itself vigorously, litigating or settling cases according to management’s judgment as to what is in the best interest of stockholders. Note 26 – Accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities Derivative instruments enable end users to increase, reduce or alter exposure to credit or market risks. The value of a derivative is derived from its reference to an underlying variable or combination of variables such as equity, foreign exchange, credit, commodity or interest rate prices or indices. JPMorgan Chase makes markets in derivatives for customers and also is an end-user of derivatives in order to manage the Firm’s exposure to credit and market risks. SFAS 133, as amended by SFAS 138 and SFAS 149, establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including those used for trading and hedging activities, and derivative instruments embedded in other contracts. All free-standing derivatives, whether designated for hedging rela- tionships or not, are required to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in value of a derivative depends on whether the contract is for trading purposes or has been designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. The majority of the Firm’s derivatives are entered into for trading purposes. The Firm also uses derivatives as an end user to hedge market exposures, modify the interest rate characteristics of related balance sheet instruments or meet longer-term investment objectives. Both trading and end-user derivatives are recorded at fair value in Trading assets and Trading liabilities as set forth in Note 3 on page 94 of this Annual Report. In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a derivative must be considered highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. Each derivative must be designated as a hedge, with documentation of the risk management objective and strategy, including identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item and the risk exposure, and how effectiveness is to be assessed prospectively and retrospectively. The extent to which a hedging instrument is effective at achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows must be assessed at least quarterly. Any ineffectiveness must be reported in current-period earnings. For qualifying fair value hedges, all changes in the fair value of the derivative and in the fair value of the item for the risk being hedged are recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the fair value adjust- ment to the hedged item continues to be reported as part of the basis of the item and is amortized to earnings as a yield adjustment. For qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in Other comprehensive income and recognized in the income statement when the hedged cash flows affect earnings. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the change in fair value of the derivative recorded in Other comprehensive income is recognized when the cash flows that were hedged occur, consistent with the original hedge strategy. For hedge relationships discontinued because the forecasted transaction is not expected to occur according to the original strategy, any related derivative amounts recorded in Other comprehensive income are immediately recognized in earnings. For qualifying net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative or the revaluation of the foreign currency–denominated debt instrument are recorded in the translation adjustments account within Other comprehensive income. Any ineffective portions of net investment hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. JPMorgan Chase’s fair value hedges primarily include hedges of fixed-rate long-term debt, loans, AFS securities and MSRs. Interest rate swaps are the most common type of derivative contract used to modify exposure to interest rate risk, converting fixed-rate assets and liabilities to a floating rate. Interest rate options, swaptions and forwards are also used in combination with interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value of the Firm’s MSRs. For a further discussion of MSR risk management activities, see Note 15 on pages 114–116 of this Annual Report. All amounts have been included in earnings consistent with the classification of the hedged item, primarily Net interest income, Mortgage fees and related income, and Other income. The Firm did not recognize any gains or losses during 2005 on firm commitments that no longer qualify as fair value hedges. JPMorgan Chase also enters into derivative contracts to hedge exposure to variability in cash flows from floating-rate financial instruments and forecasted transactions, primarily the rollover of short-term assets and liabilities, and foreign currency-denominated revenues and expenses. Interest rate swaps, futures and forward contracts are the most common instruments used to reduce the impact of interest rate and foreign exchange rate changes on future earnings. All amounts affecting earnings have been recognized consistent with the classification of the hedged item, primarily Net interest income. The Firm uses forward foreign exchange contracts and foreign currency- denominated debt instruments to protect the value of net investments in foreign currencies in non-U.S. subsidiaries. The portion of the hedging instru- ments excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (forward points) is recorded in Net interest income. The following table presents derivative instrument hedging-related activities for the periods indicated: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 Fair value hedge ineffective net gains/(losses) (b) $ (58) $ 199 Cash flow hedge ineffective net gains/(losses) (b) (2) — Cash flow hedging gains on forecasted transactions that failed to occur — 1 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) Includes ineffectiveness and the components of hedging instruments that have been excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. Over the next 12 months, it is expected that $44 million (after-tax) of net gains recorded in Other comprehensive income at December 31, 2005, will be recognized in earnings. The maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is 10 years, and such transactions primarily relate to core lending and borrowing activities. JPMorgan Chase does not seek to apply hedge accounting to all of the Firm’s economic hedges. For example, the Firm does not apply hedge accounting to standard credit derivatives used to manage the credit risk of loans and commitments because of the difficulties in qualifying such contracts as hedges under SFAS 133. Similarly, the Firm does not apply hedge accounting to certain interest rate derivatives used as economic hedges. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 124 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Note 27 – Off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees JPMorgan Chase utilizes lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees) to meet the financing needs of its customers. The contractual amount of these financial instruments represents the maximum possible credit risk should the counterparty draw down the commitment or the Firm fulfills its obligation under the guarantee, and the counterparty subsequently fails to perform according to the terms of the contract. Most of these commitments and guarantees expire without a default occurring or without being drawn. As a result, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not, in the Firm’s view, representative of its actual future credit exposure or funding requirements. Further, certain commitments, primarily related to consumer financings, are cancelable, upon notice, at the option of the Firm. To provide for the risk of loss inherent in wholesale-related contracts, an allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments is maintained. See Note 12 on pages 107–108 of this Annual Report for a further discussion on the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments. The following table summarizes the contractual amounts of off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees and the related allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments at December 31, 2005 and 2004: Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees Allowance for Contractual lending-related amount commitments December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 2005 2004 Lending-related Consumer $ 655,596 $ 601,196 $1 5 $1 2 Wholesale: Other unfunded commitments to extend credit (a)(b)(c) 208,469 185,822 208 183 Asset purchase agreements (d) 31,095 39,330 3 2 Standby letters of credit and guarantees (a)(e) 77,199 78,084 173 292 Other letters of credit (a) 7,001 6,163 1 3 Total wholesale 323,764 309,399 385 480 Total lending-related $ 979,360 $ 910,595 $ 400 $ 492 Other guarantees Securities lending guarantees (f) $ 244,316 $ 220,783 NA NA Derivatives qualifying as guarantees 61,759 53,312 NA NA (a) Represents contractual amount net of risk participations totaling $29.3 billion and $26.4 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (b) Includes unused advised lines of credit totaling $28.3 billion and $22.8 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, which are not legally binding. In regulatory filings with the FRB, unused advised lines are not reportable. (c) Excludes unfunded commitments to private third-party equity funds of $242 million and $563 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (d) Represents asset purchase agreements to the Firm’s administered multi-seller asset-backed commercial paper conduits, which excludes $32.4 billion and $31.7 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, related to conduits that were consolidated in accordance with FIN 46R, as the underlying assets of the conduits are reported in the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. It also includes $1.3 billion of asset purchase agreements to other third- party entities at December 31, 2005 and $7.5 billion of asset purchase agreements to structured wholesale loan vehicles and other third-party entities at December 31, 2004. (e) Includes unused commitments to issue standby letters of credit of $37.5 billion and $38.4 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (f) Collateral held by the Firm in support of securities lending indemnification agreements was $245.0 billion and $221.6 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. FIN 45 establishes accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees, requiring that a guarantor recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability in an amount equal to the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. FIN 45 defines a guarantee as a contract that contingently requires the Firm to pay a guaranteed party, based upon: (a) changes in an underlying asset, liability or equity security of the guaranteed party; or (b) a third party’s failure to perform under a specified agreement. The Firm considers the following off–balance sheet lending arrangements to be guarantees under FIN 45: certain asset purchase agreements, standby letters of credit and finan- cial guarantees, securities lending indemnifications, certain indemnification agreements included within third-party contractual arrangements and certain derivative contracts. These guarantees are described in further detail below. The fair value at inception of the obligation undertaken when issuing the guarantees and commitments that qualify under FIN 45 is typically equal to the net present value of the future amount of premium receivable under the contract. The Firm has recorded this amount in Other Liabilities with an offset- ting entry recorded in Other Assets. As cash is received under the contract, it is applied to the premium receivable recorded in Other Assets, and the fair value of the liability recorded at inception is amortized into income as Lending & deposit related fees over the life of the guarantee contract. The amount of the liability related to FIN 45 guarantees recorded at December 31, 2005 and 2004, excluding the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments and derivative contracts discussed below, was approximately $313 million and $341 million, respectively. Unfunded commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend only when a customer has complied with predetermined conditions, and they generally expire on fixed dates. The majority of the Firm’s unfunded commitments are not guarantees as defined in FIN 45, except for certain asset purchase agreements that are prin- cipally used as a mechanism to provide liquidity to SPEs, primarily multi-seller conduits, as described in Note 14 on pages 111–113 of this Annual Report. Some of these asset purchase agreements can be exercised at any time by the SPE’s administrator, while others require a triggering event to occur. Triggering events include, but are not limited to, a need for liquidity, a market value decline of the assets or a downgrade in the rating of JPMorgan Chase Bank. These agreements may cause the Firm to purchase an asset from the SPE at an amount above the asset’s fair value, in effect providing a guarantee of the initial value of the reference asset as of the date of the agreement. In most instances, third-party credit enhancements of the SPE mitigate the Firm’s potential losses on these agreements. Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees are conditional lending commitments issued by JPMorgan Chase to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party under certain arrangements, such as commercial paper facilities, bond financings, acquisition financings, trade and similar transactions. Approximately 58% of these arrangements mature within three years. The Firm typically has recourse to recover from the customer any amounts paid under these guarantees; in addition, the Firm may hold cash or other highly liquid collateral to support these guarantees. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Firm held collateral relating to $9.0 billion and $7.4 billion, respectively, of these arrangements. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 125 The Firm holds customers’ securities under custodial arrangements. At times, these securities are loaned to third parties, and the Firm issues securities lending indemnification agreements to the customer that protect the customer against the risk of loss if the third party fails to return the securities. To support these indemnification agreements, the Firm obtains from the third party cash or other highly liquid collateral with a market value exceeding 100% of the value of the loaned securities. If the third-party borrower fails to return the securities, the Firm would use the collateral to purchase the securities in the market and would be exposed if the value of the collateral fell below 100%. The Firm invests third- party cash collateral received in support of the indemnification agreements. In a few cases where the cash collateral is invested in resale agreements, the Firm indemnifies the third party against reinvestment risk. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Firm held $245.0 billion and $221.6 billion, respectively, in collateral in support of securities lending indemnification arrangements. Based upon historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote. In connection with issuing securities to investors, the Firm may enter into con- tractual arrangements with third parties that may require the Firm to make a payment to them in the event of a change in tax law or an adverse interpreta- tion of tax law. In certain cases, the contract may also include a termination clause, which would allow the Firm to settle the contract at its fair value; thus, such a clause would not require the Firm to make a payment under the indemni- fication agreement. Even without the termination clause, management does not expect such indemnification agreements to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of JPMorgan Chase. The Firm may also enter into indemnification clauses when it sells a business or assets to a third party, pursuant to which it indemnifies that third party for losses it may incur due to actions taken by the Firm prior to the sale. See below for more information regarding the Firm’s loan securitization activities. It is difficult to estimate the Firm’s maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements, since this would require an assessment of future changes in tax law and future claims that may be made against the Firm that have not yet occurred. However, based upon historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote. As part of the Firm’s loan securitization activities, as described in Note 13 on pages 108–111 of this Annual Report, the Firm provides representations and warranties that certain securitized loans meet specific requirements. The Firm may be required to repurchase the loans and/or indemnify the purchaser of the loans against losses due to any breaches of such representations or warranties. Generally, the maximum amount of future payments the Firm would be required to make under such repurchase and/or indemnification provisions would be equal to the current amount of assets held by such securitization- related SPEs as of December 31, 2005, plus, in certain circumstances, accrued and unpaid interest on such loans and certain expenses. The potential loss due to such repurchase and/or indemnity is mitigated by the due diligence the Firm performs before the sale to ensure that the assets comply with the requirements set forth in the representations and warranties. Historically, losses incurred on such repurchases and/or indemnifications have been insignificant, and therefore management expects the risk of material loss to be remote. The Firm is a partner with one of the leading companies in electronic payment services in a joint venture operating under the name of Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC (the “joint venture”). The joint venture was formed in October 2005 as a result of an agreement to integrate the Firm’s jointly-owned Chase Merchant Services (“CMS”) and Paymentech merchant businesses, the latter of which was acquired as a result of the Merger. The joint venture provides merchant processing services in the United States and Canada. The joint venture is liable contingently for processed credit card sales transactions in the event of a dispute between the cardmember and a merchant. If a dispute is resolved in the cardmember’s favor, the joint venture will credit or refund the amount to the cardmember and charge back the transaction to the merchant. If the joint venture is unable to collect the amount from the merchant, the joint venture will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the cardmember. The joint venture mitigates this risk by withholding settlement, or by obtaining escrow deposits or letters of credit from certain merchants. However, in the unlikely event that: 1) a merchant ceases operations and is unable to deliver products, services or a refund; 2) the joint venture does not have sufficient collateral from the merchants to provide customer refunds; and 3) the joint venture does not have sufficient financial resources to provide customer refunds, the Firm would be liable to refund the cardholder in proportion to its approximate equity interest in the joint venture. For the year ended December 31, 2005, the joint venture, along with the integrated businesses of CMS and Paymentech, incurred aggregate credit losses of $11 million on $563 billion of aggregate volume processed, of which the Firm shared liability only on $200 billion of aggregate volume processed. At December 31, 2005, the joint venture held $909 million of collateral. In 2004, the CMS and Paymentech ventures incurred aggregate credit losses of $7.1 million on $396 billion of aggregate volume processed, of which the Firm shared liability only on $205 billion of aggregate volume processed. At December 31, 2004, the CMS and Paymentech ventures held $620 million of collateral. The Firm believes that, based upon historical experience and the collateral held by the joint venture, the fair value of the guarantee would not be different materially from the credit loss allowance recorded by the joint venture; therefore, the Firm has not recorded any allowance for losses in excess of the allowance recorded by the joint venture. The Firm is a member of several securities and futures exchanges and clearing- houses both in the United States and overseas. Membership in some of these organizations requires the Firm to pay a pro rata share of the losses incurred by the organization as a result of the default of another member. Such obligation varies with different organizations. It may be limited to members who dealt with the defaulting member or to the amount (or a multiple of the amount) of the Firm’s contribution to a members’ guaranty fund, or, in a few cases, it may be unlimited. It is difficult to estimate the Firm’s maximum exposure under these membership agreements, since this would require an assessment of future claims that may be made against the Firm that have not yet occurred. However, based upon historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote. In addition to the contracts described above, there are certain derivative contracts to which the Firm is a counterparty that meet the characteristics of a guarantee under FIN 45. These derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value. These contracts include written put options that require the Firm to purchase assets from the option holder at a specified price by a specified date in the future, as well as derivatives that effectively guarantee the return on a counterparty’s reference portfolio of assets. The total notional value of the derivatives that the Firm deems to be guarantees was $62 billion and $53 billion at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The Firm reduces exposures to these contracts by entering into offsetting transactions or by entering into contracts that hedge the market risk related to these con- tracts. The fair value related to these contracts was a derivative receivable of $198 million and $180 million, and a derivative payable of $767 million and $622 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Finally, certain written put options and credit derivatives permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder or the buyer of credit protection to own the reference asset. The Firm does not consider these contracts to be guarantees as described in FIN 45. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 126 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report The table below presents both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet wholesale- and consumer-related credit exposure as of Dece mber 31, 2005 and 2004: 2005 2004 Credit On-balance Off-balance Credit On-balance Off-balance December 31, (in billions) exposure (b) sheet(b)(c) sheet(d) exposure (b) sheet(b)(c) sheet(d) Wholesale-related: Banks and finance companies $ 53.7 $ 20.3 $ 33.4 $ 56.2 $ 25.7 $ 30.5 Real estate 32.5 19.0 13.5 28.2 16.7 11.5 Consumer products 26.7 10.0 16.7 21.4 7.1 14.3 Healthcare 25.5 4.7 20.8 22.0 4.5 17.5 State and municipal governments 25.3 6.1 19.2 19.8 4.1 15.7 All other wholesale 389.7 169.5 220.2 394.6 174.7 219.9 Total wholesale-related 553.4 229.6 323.8 542.2 232.8 309.4 Consumer-related: Home finance 198.6 133.5 65.1 177.9 124.7 53.2 Auto & education finance 54.7 49.0 5.7 67.9 62.7 5.2 Consumer & small business and other 20.3 14.8 5.5 25.4 15.1 10.3 Credit card receivables (a) 651.0 71.7 579.3 597.0 64.5 532.5 Total consumer-related 924.6 269.0 655.6 868.2 267.0 601.2 Total exposure $ 1,478.0 $ 498.6 $ 979.4 $ 1,410.4 $ 499.8 $ 910.6 (a) Excludes $70.5 billion and $70.8 billion of securitized credit card receivables at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. (b) Includes HFS loans. (c) Represents loans, derivative receivables and interests in purchased receivables. (d) Represents lending-related financial instruments. Note 28 – Credit risk concentrations Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of customers are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the same geographic region, or when they have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. JPMorgan Chase regularly monitors various segments of the credit risk portfolio to assess potential concentration risks and to obtain collateral when deemed necessary. In the Firm’s wholesale portfolio, risk concentrations are evaluated primarily by industry and by geographic region. In the consumer portfolio, concentrations are evaluated primarily by product and by U.S. geographic region. The Firm does not believe exposure to any one loan product with varying terms (e.g., interest-only payments for an introductory period) or exposure to loans with high loan-to-value ratios would result in a significant concentration of credit risk. Terms of loan products and collateral coverage are included in the Firm’s assessment when extending credit and establishing its allowance for loan losses. For further information regarding on–balance sheet credit concentrations by major product and geography, see Note 11 on page 106 of this Annual Report. For information regarding concentrations of off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments by major product, see Note 27 on page 124 of this Annual Report. More information about concentrations can be found in the following tables or discussion in the MD&A: Wholesale exposure Page 65 Wholesale selected industry concentrations Page 66 Country exposure Page 70 Consumer real estate loan portfolio by geographic location Page 72 Note 29 – Fair value of financial instruments The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The accounting for an asset or liability may differ based upon the type of instrument and/or its use in a trading or investing strategy. Generally, the measurement framework in the consolidated financial statements is one of the following: • at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair value recorded each period in the Consolidated statements of income; • at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair value recorded each period in a separate component of Stockholders’ equity and as part of Other comprehensive income; • at cost (less other-than-temporary impairments), with changes in fair value not recorded in the consolidated financial statements but disclosed in the notes thereto; or • at the lower of cost or fair value. The Firm has an established and well-documented process for determining fair values. Fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based upon internally- developed models that primarily use market-based or independent information as inputs to the valuation model. Valuation adjustments may be necessary to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality, liquidity and concentration concerns and are based upon defined methodologies that are applied consistently over time. • Credit valuation adjustments are necessary when the market price (or parameter) is not indicative of the credit quality of the counterparty. As few derivative contracts are listed on an exchange, the majority of derivative positions are valued using internally developed models that use as their basis observable market parameters. Market practice is to quote parameters equivalent to a AA credit rating; thus, all counterparties are assumed to have the same credit quality. An adjustment is therefore necessary to reflect the credit quality of each derivative counterparty and to arrive at fair value. Without this adjustment, derivative positions would not be appropriately valued. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 127 • Liquidity adjustments are necessary when the Firm may not be able to observe a recent market price for a financial instrument that trades in inactive (or less active) markets. Thus, valuation adjustments for risk of loss due to a lack of liquidity are applied to those positions to arrive at fair value. The Firm tries to ascertain the amount of uncertainty in the initial valuation based upon the liquidity or illiquidity, as the case may be, of the market in which the instrument trades and makes liquidity adjustments to the financial instruments. The Firm measures the liquidity adjustment based upon the following factors: (1) the amount of time since the last relevant pricing point; (2) whether there was an actual trade or relevant external quote; and (3) the volatility of the principal component of the financial instrument. • Concentration valuation adjustments are necessary to reflect the cost of unwinding larger-than-normal market-size risk positions. The cost is deter- mined based upon the size of the adverse market move that is likely to occur during the extended period required to bring a position down to a nonconcentrated level. An estimate of the period needed to reduce, without market disruption, a position to a nonconcentrated level is generally based upon the relationship of the position to the average daily trading volume of that position. Without these adjustments, larger positions would be valued at a price greater than the price at which the Firm could exit the positions. Valuation adjustments are determined based upon established policies and are controlled by a price verification group independent of the risk-taking function. Economic substantiation of models, prices, market inputs and revenue through price/input testing, as well as backtesting, is done to validate the appropriateness of the valuation methodology. Any changes to the valuation methodology are reviewed by management to ensure the changes are justified. The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, the use of different methodologies to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are excluded from the scope of SFAS 107. Accordingly, the fair value disclosures required by SFAS 107 provide only a partial estimate of the fair value of JPMorgan Chase. For example, the Firm has developed long-term relationships with its customers through its deposit base and credit card accounts, commonly referred to as core deposit intangibles and credit card relationships. In the opinion of management, these items, in the aggregate, add significant value to JPMorgan Chase, but their fair value is not disclosed in this Note. The following items describe the methodologies and assumptions used, by financial instrument, to determine fair value. Financial assets Assets for which fair value approximates carrying value The Firm considers fair values of certain financial assets carried at cost – including cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, securities borrowed, short-term receivables and accrued interest receivable – to approximate their respective car- rying values, due to their short-term nature and generally negligible credit risk. Assets where fair value differs from cost The Firm’s debt, equity and derivative trading instruments are carried at their estimated fair value. Quoted market prices, when available, are used to determine the fair value of trading instruments. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of instru- ments with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flows. Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements are typically short-term in nature and, as such, for a significant majority of the Firm’s transactions, cost approximates carrying value. This balance sheet item also includes structured resale agreements and similar products with long- dated maturities. To estimate the fair value of these instruments, cash flows are discounted using the appropriate market rates for the applicable maturity. Securities Fair values of actively traded securities are determined by the secondary market, while the fair values for nonactively traded securities are based upon independent broker quotations. Derivatives Fair value for derivatives is determined based upon the following: • position valuation, principally based upon liquid market pricing as evidenced by exchange-traded prices, broker-dealer quotations or related input parameters, which assume all counterparties have the same credit rating; • credit valuation adjustments to the resulting portfolio valuation, to reflect the credit quality of individual counterparties; and • other fair value adjustments to take into consideration liquidity, concentration and other factors. For those derivatives valued based upon models with significant unobservable market parameters, the Firm defers the initial trading profit for these financial instruments. The deferred profit is recognized in Trading revenue on a systematic basis (typically straight-line amortization over the life of the instruments) and when observable market data becomes available. The fair value of derivative payables does not incorporate a valuation adjustment to reflect JPMorgan Chase’s credit quality. Interests in purchased receivables The fair value of variable-rate interests in purchased receivables approximate their respective carrying amounts due to their variable interest terms and negligible credit risk. The estimated fair values for fixed-rate interests in purchased receivables are determined using a discounted cash flow analysis using appropriate market rates for similar instruments. Loans Fair value for loans is determined using methodologies suitable for each type of loan: • Fair value for the wholesale loan portfolio is estimated primarily, using the cost of credit derivatives, which is adjusted to account for the differences in recovery rates between bonds, upon which the cost of credit derivatives is based, and loans. • Fair values for consumer installment loans (including automobile financings) and consumer real estate, for which market rates for comparable loans are readily available, are based upon discounted cash flows adjusted for prepayments. The discount rates used for consumer installment loans are current rates offered by commercial banks. For consumer real estate, secondary market yields for comparable mortgage-backed securities, adjusted for risk, are used. • Fair value for credit card receivables is based upon discounted expected cash flows. The discount rates used for credit card receivables incorporate only the effects of interest rate changes, since the expected cash flows already reflect an adjustment for credit risk. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 128 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report • The fair value of loans in the held-for-sale and trading portfolios is generally based upon observable market prices and upon prices of similar instruments, including bonds, credit derivatives and loans with similar characteristics. If market prices are not available, the fair value is based upon the estimated cash flows adjusted for credit risk; that risk is discounted, using a rate appropriate for each maturity that incorporates the effects of interest rate changes. Other assets Commodities inventory is carried at the lower of cost or fair value. For the majority of commodities inventory, fair value is determined by reference to prices in highly active and liquid markets. The fair value for other commodities inventory is determined primarily using pricing and other data derived from less liquid and developing markets where the underlying commodities are traded. This caption also includes private equity investments and MSRs. For a discussion of the fair value methodology for private equity investments, see Note 9 on page 105 of this Annual Report. For a discussion of the fair value methodology for MSRs, see Note 15 on pages 114–116 of this Annual Report. Financial liabilities Liabilities for which fair value approximates carrying value SFAS 107 requires that the fair value for deposit liabilities with no stated maturity (i.e., demand, savings and certain money market deposits) be equal to their carrying value. SFAS 107 does not allow for the recognition of the inherent funding value of these instruments. Fair value of commercial paper, other borrowed funds, accounts payable and accrued liabilities is considered to approximate their respective carrying values due to their short-term nature. Interest-bearing deposits Fair values of interest-bearing deposits are estimated by discounting cash flows based upon the remaining contractual maturities of funds having simi- lar interest rates and similar maturities. Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements are typically short-term in nature; as such, for a significant majority of these transactions, cost approximates carrying value. This balance sheet item also includes structured repurchase agreements and similar products with long-dated maturities. To estimate the fair value of these instruments, the cash flows are discounted using the appropriate market rates for the applicable maturity. Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs (“beneficial interests”) are generally short-term in nature and, as such, for a significant majority of the Firm’s transactions, cost approximates carrying value. The Consolidated balance sheets also include beneficial interests with long-dated maturities. The fair value of these instruments is based upon current market rates. Long-term debt-related instruments Fair value for long-term debt, including the junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities, is based upon current market rates and is adjusted for JPMorgan Chase’s credit quality. Lending-related commitments Although there is no liquid secondary market for wholesale commitments, the Firm estimates the fair value of its wholesale lending-related commitments primarily using the cost of credit derivatives (which is adjusted to account for the difference in recovery rates between bonds, upon which the cost of credit derivatives is based, and loans) and loan equivalents (which represent the portion of an unused commitment expected, based upon the Firm’s average portfolio historical experience, to become outstanding in the event an obligor defaults). The Firm estimates the fair value of its consumer commitments to extend credit based upon the primary market prices to originate new commitments. It is the change in current primary market prices that provides the estimate of the fair value of these commitments. On this basis, at December 31, 2005, the estimated fair value of the Firm’s lending-related commitments was a liability of $0.5 billion, compared with $0.1 billion at December 31, 2004. The following table presents the carrying value and estimated fair value of financial assets and liabilities valued under SFAS 107; accordingly, certain assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments are excluded from the table. 2005 2004 Carrying Estimated Appreciation/ Carrying Estimated Appreciation/ December 31, (in billions) value fair value (depreciation) value fair value (depreciation) Financial assets Assets for which fair value approximates carrying value $ 155.4 $ 155.4 $ — $ 125.7 $ 125.7 $ — Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 134.0 134.3 0.3 101.4 101.3 (0.1) Trading assets 298.4 298.4 — 288.8 288.8 — Securities 47.6 47.6 — 94.5 94.5 — Loans: Wholesale, net of allowance for loan losses 147.7 150.2 2.5 132.0 134.6 2.6 Consumer, net of allowance for loan losses 264.4 262.7 (1.7) 262.8 262.5 (0.3) Interests in purchased receivables 29.7 29.7 — 31.7 31.8 0.1 Other assets 53.4 54.7 1.3 50.4 51.1 0.7 Total financial assets $ 1,130.6 $ 1,133.0 $ 2.4 $ 1,087.3 $ 1,090.3 $ 3.0 Financial liabilities Liabilities for which fair value approximates carrying value $ 241.0 $ 241.0 $ — $ 228.8 $ 228.8 $ — Interest-bearing deposits 411.9 411.7 0.2 385.3 385.5 (0.2) Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 125.9 125.9 — 127.8 127.8 — Trading liabilities 145.9 145.9 — 151.2 151.2 — Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 42.2 42.1 0.1 48.1 48.0 0.1 Long-term debt-related instruments 119.9 120.6 (0.7) 105.7 107.7 (2.0) Total financial liabilities $ 1,086.8 $ 1,087.2 $ (0.4) $ 1,046.9 $ 1,049.0 $ (2.1) Net appreciation $ 2.0 $0 . 9 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 129 Income before For the year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) Revenue (b) Expense (c) income taxes Net income 2005 Europe/Middle East and Africa $ 7,708 $ 5,454 $ 2,254 $ 1,547 Asia and Pacific 2,840 2,048 792 509 Latin America and the Caribbean 969 497 472 285 Other 165 89 76 44 Total international 11,682 8,088 3,594 2,385 Total U.S. 42,851 34,230 8,621 6,098 Total $ 54,533 $ 42,318 $ 12,215 $ 8,483 2004 Europe/Middle East and Africa $ 6,566 $ 4,635 $ 1,931 $ 1,305 Asia and Pacific 2,631 1,766 865 547 Latin America and the Caribbean 816 411 405 255 Other 112 77 35 25 Total international 10,125 6,889 3,236 2,132 Total U.S. 32,972 30,014 2,958 2,334 Total $ 43,097 $ 36,903 $ 6,194 $ 4,466 2003 Europe/Middle East and Africa $ 6,344 $ 4,076 $ 2,268 $ 1,467 Asia and Pacific 1,902 1,772 130 91 Latin America and the Caribbean 1,000 531 469 287 Other 50 17 33 34 Total international 9,296 6,396 2,900 1,879 Total U.S. 24,088 16,960 7,128 4,840 Total $ 33,384 $ 23,356 $ 10,028 $ 6,719 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Revenue is composed of Net interest income and noninterest revenue. (c) Expense is composed of Noninterest expense and Provision for credit losses. Note 30 – International operations The following table presents income statement information of JPMorgan Chase by major geographic area. The Firm defines international activities as business transactions that involve customers residing outside of the United States, and the information presented below is based primarily upon the domicile of the customer. However, many of the Firm’s U.S. operations serve international businesses. As the Firm’s operations are highly integrated, estimates and subjective assumptions have been made to apportion revenue and expense between U.S. and international operations. These estimates and assumptions are consistent with the allocations used for the Firm’s segment reporting as set forth in Note 31 on pages 130–131 of this Annual Report. The Firm’s long-lived assets for the periods presented are not considered by management to be significant in relation to total assets. The majority of the Firm’s long-lived assets are located in the United States. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 130 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Note 31 – Business segments JPMorgan Chase is organized into six major reportable business segments (the Investment Bank, Retail Financial Services, Card Services, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management), as well as a Corporate segment. The segments are based upon the products and services provided or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on an operating basis. For a definition of operating basis, see the footnotes to the table below. For a further discussion concerning JPMorgan Chase’s business segments, see Business segment results on pages 34–35 of this Annual Report. In the third quarter of 2004, in connection with the Merger, business segment reporting was realigned to reflect the new business structure of the combined Firm. Treasury was transferred from the Investment Bank into Corporate. The segment formerly known as Chase Financial Services had been comprised of Chase Home Finance, Chase Cardmember Services, Chase Auto Finance, Chase Regional Banking and Chase Middle Market; as a result of the Merger, this segment is now called Retail Financial Services and is comprised of Home Finance, Auto & Education Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Insurance. Chase Cardmember Services is now its own segment called Card Services, and Chase Middle Market moved into Commercial Banking. Investment Management & Private Banking was renamed Asset & Wealth Management. JPMorgan Partners, which formerly was a stand-alone business segment, was moved into Corporate. Corporate currently comprises Private Equity (JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners) and Treasury, and the Segment results and reconciliation(a) (table continued on next page) Year ended December 31, (b) Investment Bank (d) Retail Financial Services Card Services (e) Commercial Banking (in millions, except ratios) 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 Noninterest revenue $ 13,168 $ 11,280 $ 11,017 $ 4,625 $ 3,077 $ 2,208 $ 3,563 $ 2,371 $ 1,092 $9 8 6 $ 682 $ 393 Net interest income 1,410 1,325 1,667 10,205 7,714 5,220 11,803 8,374 5,052 2,610 1,692 959 Total net revenue 14,578 12,605 12,684 14,830 10,791 7,428 15,366 10,745 6,144 3,596 2,374 1,352 Provision for credit losses (838) (640) (181) 724 449 521 7,346 4,851 2,904 73 41 6 Credit reimbursement (to)/from TSS (c) 154 90 (36) — —— — —— — —— Merger costs — —— — —— — —— — —— Litigation reserve charge — — 100 — —— — —— — —— Other noninterest expense 9,739 8,696 8,202 8,585 6,825 4,471 4,999 3,883 2,178 1,872 1,343 822 Total noninterest expense 9,739 8,696 8,302 8,585 6,825 4,471 4,999 3,883 2,178 1,872 1,343 822 Income (loss) before income tax expense 5,831 4,639 4,527 5,521 3,517 2,436 3,021 2,011 1,062 1,651 990 524 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,173 1,691 1,722 2,094 1,318 889 1,114 737 379 644 382 217 Net income (loss) $ 3,658 $ 2,948 $ 2,805 $ 3,427 $ 2,199 $ 1,547 $ 1,907 $ 1,274 $ 683 $ 1,007 $ 608 $ 307 Average equity $ 20,000 $ 17,290 $ 18,350 $ 13,383 $ 9,092 $ 4,220 $ 11,800 $ 7,608 $ 3,440 $ 3,400 $ 2,093 $ 1,059 Average assets 598,118 473,121 436,488 226,368 185,928 147,435 141,933 94,741 51,406 56,561 36,435 16,460 Return on average equity 18% 17% 15% 26% 24% 37% 16% 17% 20% 30% 29% 29% Overhead ratio 67 69 65 58 63 60 33 36 35 52 57 61 (a) In addition to analyzing the Firm’s results on a reported basis, management reviews the line of business results on an “opera ting basis,” which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The definition of oper- ating basis starts with the reported U.S. GAAP results. In the case of the Investment Bank, operating basis noninterest revenue in cludes, in Trading revenue, Net interest income (“NII”) related to trad- ing activities. In the case of Card Services, refer to footnote (e). These adjustments do not change JPMorgan Chase’s reported net income. Operating basis also excludes Merger costs, nonoperating Litigation reserve charges and accounting policy conformity adjustments, as management believes these items are not part of the Firm’s normal daily business operations (and, therefore, not indicative of trends) and do not provide meaningful comparisons with other periods. Finally, operating results reflect revenues (Noninterest revenue and NII) on a tax-equivalent basis. Refer to footnote (f) for the impact of these adjustments. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 refle cts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) TSS reimburses the IB for credit portfolio exposures the IB manages on behalf of clients the segments share. At the time of the Merger, the reimbursement methodology was revised to be based upon pre-tax earnings, net of the cost of capital related to those exposures. Prior to the Merger, the credit reimbursement was based upon pre-tax earnings, plus the allocated capital associated with the shared clients. (d) Segment operating results include the reclassification of NII related to trading activities to Trading revenue within Nonint erest revenue, which impacts primarily the Investment Bank. Trading-related NII reclassified to Trading revenue was $159 million, $2.0 billion and $2.1 billion in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These amounts are eliminated in Corporate/reconciling items to arrive at NII and Noninterest revenue on a reported GAAP basis for JPMorgan Chase. (e) Operating results for Card Services exclude the impact of credit card securitizations on revenue, provision for credit losses and average assets, as JPMorgan Chase treats the sold receivables as if they were still on the balance sheet in evaluating the overall performance of the credit card portfolio. These adjustments are elimin ated in Corporate/reconciling items to arrive at the Firm’s reported GAAP results. The related securitization adjustments were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (b) 2005 2004 2003 Net interest income $ 6,494 $ 5,251 $ 3,320 Noninterest revenue (2,718) (2,353) (1,450) Provision for credit losses 3,776 2,898 1,870 Average assets 67,180 51,084 32,365 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 131 (table continued from previous page) Corporate/ Treasury & Securities Services Asset & Wealth Management reconciling items (d)(e)(f) Total 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 2005 2004 2003 $ 4,179 $ 3,474 $ 2,661 $ 4,583 $ 3,383 $ 2,482 $ 3,598 $ 2,069 $ 566 $ 34,702 $ 26,336 $ 20,419 2,062 1,383 947 1,081 796 488 (9,340) (4,523) (1,368) 19,831 16,761 12,965 6,241 4,857 3,608 5,664 4,179 2,970 (5,742) (2,454) (802) 54,533 43,097 33,384 — 71 (56) (14) 35 (3,766) (2,150) (g) (1,746) 3,483 2,544 1,540 (154) (90) 36 — —— — —— — —— — —— — —— 722(h) 1,365(h) — 722 1,365 — — —— — —— 2,564 3,700 — 2,564 3,700 100 4,470 4,113 3,028 3,860 3,133 2,486 2,024 1,301 529 35,549 29,294 21,716 4,470 4,113 3,028 3,860 3,133 2,486 5,310 6,366 529 38,835 34,359 21,816 1,617 647 615 1,860 1,060 449 (7,286) (6,670) 415 12,215 6,194 10,028 580 207 193 644 379 162 (3,517) (2,986) (253) 3,732 1,728 3,309 $ 1,037 $ 440 $ 422 $ 1,216 $ 681 $ 287 $ (3,769) $ (3,684) $ 668 $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,900 $ 2,544 $ 2,738 $ 2,400 $ 3,902 $ 5,507 $ 52,624 $ 33,112 $ 7,674 $ 105,507 $ 75,641 $ 42,988 26,947 23,430 18,379 41,599 37,751 33,780 93,540 111,150 72,030 1,185,066 962,556 775,978 55% 17% 15% 51% 17% 5% NM NM NM 8% 6% 16% 72 85 84 68 75 84 NM NM NM 71 80 65 (f) Segment operating results reflect revenues on a tax-equivalent basis with the corresponding income tax impact recorded withi n income tax expense. Tax-equivalent adjustments were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (b) 2005 2004 2003 Net interest income $ 269 $6 $ 4 4 Noninterest revenue 571 317 89 Income tax expense 840 323 133 These adjustments are eliminated in Corporate/reconciling items to arrive at the Firm’s reported GAAP results. (g) Includes $858 million of accounting policy conformity adjustments consisting of approximately $1.4 billion related to the de certification of the seller’s retained interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a benefit of $584 million related to conforming wholesale and consumer provision methodologies for the comb ined Firm. (h) Merger costs attributed to the lines of business for 2005 and 2004 were as follows (there were no merger costs in 2003): Year ended December 31, (in millions) (b) 2005 2004 Investment Bank $3 2 $7 4 Retail Financial Services 133 201 Card Services 222 79 Commercial Banking 3 23 Treasury & Securities Services 95 68 Asset & Wealth Management Services 60 31 Corporate 177 889 . corporate support areas, which include Central Technology and Operations, Audit, Executive Office, Finance, Human Resources, Marketing & Communications, Office of the General Counsel, Corporate Real Estate and General Services, Risk Management, and Strategy and Development. Beginning January 1, 2006, TSS will report results for two divisions: TS and WSS. WSS was formed by consolidating IS and ITS. The following table provides a summary of the Firm’s segment results for 2005, 2004 and 2003 on an operating basis. The impact of credit card securitizations, Merger costs, nonoperating Litigation reserve charges and accounting policy conformity adjustments have been included in Corporate/reconciling items so that the total Firm results are on a reported basis. Finally, commencing with the first quarter of 2005, operating revenue (noninterest revenue and net interest income) for each of the segments and the Firm is presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Accordingly, revenue from tax exempt securities and investments that receive tax credits are presented in the operating results on a basis comparable to taxable securities and investments. This approach allows management to assess the comparability of revenues arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to these items is recorded within income tax expense. The Corporate sector’s and the Firm’s operating revenue and income tax expense for the periods prior to the first quarter of 2005 have been restated to be presented similarly on a tax-equivalent basis. This restatement had no impact on the Corporate sector’s or the Firm’s operating earnings. Segment results for periods prior to July 1, 2004, reflect heritage JPMorgan Chase–only results and have been restated to reflect the current business segment organization and reporting classifications. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 132 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Note 32 – Parent company Parent company – statements of income Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Income Dividends from bank and bank holding company subsidiaries $ 2,361 $ 1,208 $ 2,436 Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries (b) 791 773 2,688 Interest income from subsidiaries 2,369 1,370 945 Other interest income 209 137 130 Other income from subsidiaries, primarily fees: Bank and bank holding company 246 833 632 Nonbank 462 499 385 Other income 13 204 (25) Total income 6,451 5,024 7,191 Expense Interest expense to subsidiaries (b) 846 603 422 Other interest expense 3,076 1,834 1,329 Compensation expense 369 353 348 Other noninterest expense 496 1,105 747 Total expense 4,787 3,895 2,846 Income before income tax benefit and undistributed net income of subsidiaries 1,664 1,129 4,345 Income tax benefit 852 556 474 Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiaries 5,967 2,781 1,900 Net income $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 Parent company – balance sheets December 31, (in millions) 2005 2004 Assets Cash with banks, primarily with bank subsidiaries $ 461 $ 513 Deposits with banking subsidiaries 9,452 10,703 Securities purchased under resale agreements, primarily with nonbank subsidiaries 24 — Trading assets 7,548 3,606 Available-for-sale securities 285 2,376 Loans 338 162 Advances to, and receivables from, subsidiaries: Bank and bank holding company 22,673 19,076 Nonbank 31,342 34,456 Investment (at equity) in subsidiaries: Bank and bank holding company 110,745 105,599 Nonbank (b) 21,367 17,701 Goodwill and other intangibles 804 890 Other assets 10,553 11,557 Total assets $ 215,592 $206,639 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Borrowings from, and payables to, subsidiaries (b) $ 16,511 $ 14,195 Other borrowed funds, primarily commercial paper 15,675 15,050 Other liabilities 7,721 6,309 Long-term debt (c) 68,474 65,432 Total liabilities 108,381 100,986 Stockholders’ equity 107,211 105,653 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 215,592 $206,639 Parent company – statements of cash flows Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2005 2004 2003 Operating activities Net income $ 8,483 $ 4,466 $ 6,719 Less: Net income of subsidiaries 9,119 4,762 7,017 Parent company net loss (636) (296) (298) Add: Cash dividends from subsidiaries (b) 2,891 1,964 5,098 Other, net (130) (81) (272) Net cash provided by operating activities 2,125 1,587 4,528 Investing activities Net cash change in: Deposits with banking subsidiaries 1,251 1,851 (2,560) Securities purchased under resale agreements, primarily with nonbank subsidiaries (24) 355 99 Loans (176) 407 (490) Advances to subsidiaries (483) (5,772) (3,165) Investment (at equity) in subsidiaries (2,949) (4,015) (2,052) Other, net 34 11 12 Available-for-sale securities: Purchases (215) (392) (607) Proceeds from sales and maturities 124 114 654 Cash received in business acquisitions — 4,608 — Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (2,438) (2,833) (8,109) Financing activities Net cash change in borrowings from subsidiaries (b) 2,316 941 2,005 Net cash change in other borrowed funds 625 (1,510) (2,104) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 15,992 12,816 12,105 Repayments of long-term debt (10,864) (6,149) (6,733) Proceeds from the issuance of stock and stock-related awards 682 848 1,213 Redemption of preferred stock (200) (670) — Treasury stock purchased (3,412) (738) — Cash dividends paid (4,878) (3,927) (2,865) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 261 1,611 3,621 Net increase (decrease) in cash with banks (52) 365 40 Cash with banks at the beginning of the year 513 148 108 Cash with banks at the end of the year, primarily with bank subsidiaries $ 461 $ 513 $ 148 Cash interest paid $ 3,838 $ 2,383 $ 1,918 Cash income taxes paid $ 3,426 $ 701 $ 754 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. For a further discussion of the Merger, see Note 2 on pages 92–93 of this Annual Report. (b) Subsidiaries include trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities (“issuer trusts”). As a result of FIN 46, the Parent deconsolidated these trusts in 2003. The Parent received dividends of $21 million and $15 million from the issuer trusts in 2005 and 2004, respec- tively. For a further discussion on these issuer trusts, see Note 17 on pages 117–118 of this Annual Report. (c) At December 31, 2005, debt that contractually matures in 2006 through 2010 totaled $10.3 billion, $9.5 billion, $11.9 billion, $8.8 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 133 Supplementary information Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited) (in millions, except per share, ratio and headcount data) 2005(f) 2004 As of or for the period ended 4th 3rd 2nd 1st 4th (f) 3rd(f) 2nd(h) 1st(h) Selected income statement data Noninterest revenue $ 8,925 $ 9,613 $ 7,742 $ 8,422 $ 7,621 $ 7,053 $ 5,637 $ 6,025 Net interest income 4,753 4,852 5,001 5,225 5,329 5,452 2,994 2,986 Total net revenue 13,678 14,465 12,743 13,647 12,950 12,505 8,631 9,011 Provision for credit losses 1,224 1,245 (g) 587 427 1,157 1,169 203 15 Noninterest expense before Merger costs and Litigation reserve charge 8,666 9,243 8,748 8,892 8,863 8,625 5,713 6,093 Merger costs 77 221 279 145 523 752 90 — Litigation reserve charge (208) — 1,872 900 — — 3,700 — Total noninterest expense 8,535 9,464 10,899 9,937 9,386 9,377 9,503 6,093 Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 3,919 3,756 1,257 3,283 2,407 1,959 (1,075) 2,903 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,221 1,229 263 1,019 741 541 (527) 973 Net income (loss) $ 2,698 $ 2,527 $ 994 $ 2,264 $ 1,666 $ 1,418 $ (548) $ 1,930 Per common share Net income (loss) per share: Basic $ 0.78 $ 0.72 $ 0.28 $ 0.64 $ 0.47 $ 0.40 $ (0.27) $ 0.94 Diluted 0.76 0.71 0.28 0.63 0.46 0.39 (0.27) 0.92 Cash dividends declared per share 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 Book value per share 30.71 30.26 29.95 29.78 29.61 29.42 21.52 22.62 Common shares outstanding Average: Basic 3,472 3,485 3,493 3,518 3,515 3,514 2,043 2,032 Diluted 3,564 3,548 3,548 3,570 3,602 3,592 2,043 2,093 Common shares at period end 3,487 3,503 3,514 3,525 3,556 3,564 2,088 2,082 Selected ratios Return on common equity (“ROE”) (a) 10% 9% 4% 9% 6% 5% NM 17% Return on assets (“ROA”) (a)(b) 0.89 0.84 0.34 0.79 0.57 0.50 NM 1.01 Tier 1 capital ratio 8.5 8.2 8.2 8.6 8.7 8.6 8.2% 8.4 Total capital ratio 12.0 11.3 11.3 11.9 12.2 12.0 11.2 11.4 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.3 6.2 6.2 6.3 6.2 6.5 5.5 5.9 Selected balance sheet data (period-end) Total assets $ 1,198,942 $ 1,203,033 $1,171,283 $1,178,305 $1,157,248 $1,138,469 $ 817,763 $ 801,078 Securities 47,600 68,697 58,573 75,251 94,512 92,816 64,915 70,747 Total loans 419,148 420,504 416,025 402,669 402,114 393,701 225,938 217,630 Deposits 554,991 535,123 534,640 531,379 521,456 496,454 346,539 336,886 Long-term debt 108,357 101,853 101,182 99,329 95,422 91,754 52,981 50,062 Common stockholders’ equity 107,072 105,996 105,246 105,001 105,314 104,844 44,932 47,092 Total stockholders’ equity 107,211 106,135 105,385 105,340 105,653 105,853 45,941 48,101 Credit quality metrics Allowance for credit losses $ 7,490 $ 7,615 $ 7,233 $ 7,423 $ 7,812 $ 8,034 $ 4,227 $ 4,417 Nonperforming assets (c) 2,590 2,839 2,832 2,949 3,231 3,637 2,482 2,882 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (d) 1.84% 1.86% 1.76% 1.82% 1.94% 2.01% 1.92% 2.08% Net charge-offs $ 1,360 $ 870 $ 773 $ 816 $ 1,398 $ 865 $ 392 $ 444 Net charge-off rate (a)(d) 1.39% 0.89% 0.82% 0.88% 1.46% 0.93% 0.78% 0.92% Wholesale net charge-off (recovery) rate (a)(d) 0.07 (0.12) (0.16) (0.03) 0.21 (0.07) 0.29 0.50 Managed Card net charge-off rate (a) 6.39 4.70 4.87 4.83 5.24 4.88 5.85 5.81 Headcount 168,847 168,955 168,708 164,381 160,968 162,275 94,615 96,010 Share price (e) High $ 40.56 $ 35.95 $ 36.50 $ 39.69 $ 40.45 $ 40.25 $ 42.57 $ 43.84 Low 32.92 33.31 33.35 34.32 36.32 35.50 34.62 36.30 Close 39.69 33.93 35.32 34.60 39.01 39.73 38.77 41.95 (a) Based upon annualized amounts. (b) Represents Net income divided by Total average assets. (c) Excludes wholesale purchased held-for-sale (“HFS”) loans purchased as part of the Investment Bank’s proprietary activities. (d) Excluded from the allowance coverage ratios were end-of-period loans held-for-sale; and excluded from the net charge-off rate s were average loans held-for-sale. (e) JPMorgan Chase’s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the London Stock Exchange Limited and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The high, low and closing prices of JPMorgan Chase’s common stock are from The New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape. (f) Quarterly results include three months of the combined Firm’s results. (g) Includes a $400 million special provision related to Hurricane Katrina allocated as follows: Retail Financial Services $250 m illion, Card Services $100 million, Commercial Banking $35 million, Asset & Wealth Management $3 million and Corporate $12 million. (h) Heritage JPMorgan Chase results only. NM – Not meaningful due to net loss. 134 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Glossary of terms JPMorgan Chase & Co. ACH: Automated Clearing House. APB: Accounting Principles Board Opinion. APB 25: “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” Assets under management: Represent assets actively managed by Asset & Wealth Management on behalf of institutional, private banking, private client services and retail clients. Excludes assets managed by American Century Companies, Inc., in which the Firm has a 43% ownership interest. Assets under supervision: Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts. Average managed assets: Refers to total assets on the Firm’s balance sheet plus credit card receivables that have been securitized. Contractual credit card charge-off: In accordance with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council policy, credit card loans are charged off by the end of the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due or within 60 days from receiving notification of the filing of bank- ruptcy, whichever is earlier. Core deposits: U.S. deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, up to the legal limit of $100,000 per depositor. Credit derivatives are contractual agreements that provide protection against a credit event of one or more referenced credits. The nature of a credit event is established by the protection buyer and protection seller at the inception of a transaction, and such events include bankruptcy, insolvency and failure to meet payment obligations when due. The buyer of the credit derivative pays a periodic fee in return for a payment by the protection seller upon the occurrence, if any, of a credit event. Credit cycle: a period of time over which credit quality improves, deteriorates and then improves again. While portfolios may differ in terms of risk, the credit cycle is typically driven by many factors, including market events and the economy. The duration of a credit cycle can vary from a couple of years to several years. FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board. FIN 39: FASB Interpretation No. 39, “Offsetting of Amounts Related to Certain Contracts.” FIN 41: FASB Interpretation No. 41, “Offsetting of Amounts Related to Certain Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Agreements.” FIN 45: FASB Interpretation No. 45, “Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirement for Guarantees, including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others.” FIN 46R: FASB Interpretation No. 46 (revised December 2003), “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an interpretation of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51.” FIN 47: FASB Interpretation No. 47, “Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations – an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 143.” FSP SFAS 106-2: “Accounting and Disclosure Requirements Related to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003.” Interests in Purchased Receivables: Represent an ownership interest in a percentage of cash flows of an underlying pool of receivables transferred by a third-party seller into a bankruptcy remote entity, generally a trust, and then financed through a commercial paper conduit. Investment-grade: An indication of credit quality based upon JPMorgan Chase’s internal risk assessment system. “Investment-grade” generally represents a risk profile similar to a rating of a BBB-/Baa3 or better, as defined by independent rating agencies. Mark-to-market exposure: A measure, at a point in time, of the value of a derivative or foreign exchange contract in the open market. When the mark-to-market value is positive, it indicates the counterparty owes JPMorgan Chase and, therefore, creates a repayment risk for the Firm. When the mark- to-market value is negative, JPMorgan Chase owes the counterparty. In this situation, the Firm does not have repayment risk. Master netting agreement: An agreement between two counterparties that have multiple derivative contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of default on or termination of any one contract. See FIN 39. NA: Data is not applicable or available for the period presented. Net yield on interest-earning assets: The average rate for interest- earning assets less the average rate paid for all sources of funds. NM: Not meaningful. Nonoperating litigation reserve charges and recoveries are the $208 million insurance recovery in the fourth quarter of 2005; the $1.9 billion charge taken in the second quarter of 2005; the $900 million charge taken in the first quarter of 2005; and the $3.7 billion charge taken in the second quarter of 2004; all of which relate to the legal cases named in the JPMorgan Chase Quarterly Report on Form 10–Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004. Overhead ratio: Noninterest expense as a percentage of total net revenue. Return on common equity-goodwill: Represents net income applicable to common stock divided by total average common equity (net of goodwill). The Firm uses return on equity less goodwill, a non-GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the operating performance of the Firm. The Firm also utilizes this measure to facilitate operating comparisons to other competitors. SFAS: Statement of Financial Accounting Standards. SFAS 13: “Accounting for Leases.” SFAS 87: “Employers’ Accounting for Pensions.” SFAS 88: “Employers’ Accounting for Settlements and Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits.” SFAS 106: “Employers’ Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions.” SFAS 107: “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments.” SFAS 109: “Accounting for Income Taxes.” SFAS 114: “Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan.” SFAS 115:“Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities.” SFAS 123: “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation.” SFAS 123R: “Share-Based Payment.” SFAS 128: “Earnings per Share.” SFAS 133: “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.” SFAS 138: “Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities – an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133.” JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 135 Glossary of terms JPMorgan Chase & Co. SFAS 140: “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities – a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125.” SFAS 142: “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” SFAS 143: “Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations.” SFAS 149: “Amendment of Statement No. 133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.” SFAS 155: “Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments – an amend- ment of FASB Statements No. 133 and 140.” Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 107: “Application of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment.” Statement of Position (“SOP”) 98-1: “Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use.” Stress testing: A scenario that measures market risk under unlikely but plausible events in abnormal markets. U.S. GAAP:Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. U.S. government and federal agency obligations: Obligations of the U.S. government or an instrumentality of the U.S. government whose obligations are fully and explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations: Obligations of agencies originally established or chartered by the U.S. government to serve public purposes as specified by the U.S. Congress; these obligations are not explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Value-at-Risk (“VAR”): A measure of the dollar amount of potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment. Forward-looking statements From time to time, the Firm has made and will make forward-looking state- ments. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipate,” “target,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “goal,” “believe,” “anticipate” or other words of similar meaning. Forward- looking statements provide JPMorgan Chase’s current expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. JPMorgan Chase’s disclosures in this report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Firm also may make forward-looking statements in its other documents filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). In addition, the Firm’s senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. JPMorgan Chase’s actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in its forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this difference—many of which are beyond the Firm’s control—include the following: local, regional and international business, political or economic conditions; changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; techno- logical changes instituted by the Firm and by other entities which may affect the Firm’s business; mergers and acquisitions, including the Firm’s ability to integrate acquisitions; ability of the Firm to develop new products and services; acceptance of new products and services and the ability of the Firm to increase market share; ability of the Firm to control expenses; competitive pressures; changes in laws and regulatory requirements; changes in applicable accounting policies; costs, outcomes and effects of litigation and regulatory investigations; changes in the credit quality of the Firm’s customers; and adequacy of the Firm’s risk management framework. Additional factors that may cause future results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are discussed in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors in the Firm’s Annual Report on Form 10–K for the year ended December 31, 2005, to which reference is hereby made. There is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Firm speak only as of the date they are made and JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made. The reader should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature the Firm may make in any subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10–K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and its Current Reports on Form 8-K. Ç Community Advisory Board* 136 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Sharon Alexander-Holt CEO The Urban League of Metropolitan Denver, Inc. Denver, CO Lauren Anderson Executive Director Neighborhood Housing Services of New Orleans New Orleans, LA Polly Baca CEO/Executive Director Latin American Research and Service Agency LARASA Denver, CO Dionne Bagsby Retired Commissioner Tarrant County Fort Worth, TX Salvador Balcorta Executive Director Centro de Salud Familiar La Fe, Inc. El Paso, TX Frank Ballesteros Chief Administrative Officer PPEP Microbusiness & Housing Development. Corp. Tucson, AZ Eli Barbosa Director of Neighborhood Reinvestment Latin United Community Housing Association Chicago, IL Henry Barlow Reverend Christ Tabernacle Baptist Church Chicago, IL Janie Barrera President/CEO ACCION Texas San Antonio, TX Shaun Belle President/CEO The Mt. Hope Housing Company Bronx, NY Pascual Blanco Executive Director La Fuerza Unida Inc. Glen Cove, NY Sylvia Brooks President/CEO Houston Area Urban League Houston, TX Donnie Brown Executive Director Genesis Housing Development Corp. Chicago, IL James Buckley Executive Director University Neighborhood Housing Program Bronx, NY Joseph Carbone President/CEO The WorkPlace, Inc. Bridgeport, CT David Chen Executive Director Chinese American Planning Council New York, NY William Clark President/CEO Urban League of Rochester Rochester, NY Ricardo Diaz Executive Director United Community Center Milwaukee, WI Peter Elkowitz President Long Island Housing Partnership Hauppauge, NY Ignacio Esteban Executive Director Florida Community Loan Fund Orlando, FL Ron Fafoglia Executive Director TSP Hope, Inc. Springfield, IL Melissa Flournoy President/CEO The Louisiana Assoc. of Nonprofit Organizations (LANO) Baton Rouge, LA *Board membership as of January 2006 JPMorgan Chase International Council Hon. George P . Shultz Chairman of the Council Distinguished Fellow Hoover Institution Stanford University Stanford, California Riley P . Bechtel Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bechtel Group, Inc. San Francisco, California Jean-Louis Beffa Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Compagnie de Saint-Gobain Paris-La Défense, France Hon. Bill Bradley Former U.S. Senator Allen & Company New York, New York Michael A. Chaney Chairman National Australia Bank Limited Perth, Australia André Desmarais President and Co-Chief Executive Officer Power Corporation of Canada Montreal, Canada Martin Feldstein President and Chief Executive Officer National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. Cambridge, Massachusetts Arminio Fraga Neto Founding Partner Gavea Investimentos, Ltd. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Xiqing Gao Vice Chairman National Council for Social Security Fund Beijing, The People’s Republic of China Franz B. Humer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Roche Holding Ltd. Basel, Switzerland Abdallah S. Jum’ah President and Chief Executive Officer Saudi Arabian Oil Company Dhahran, Saudi Arabia Hon. Henry A. Kissinger Chairman Kissinger Associates, Inc. New York, New York Mustafa V. Koç Chairman of the Board of Directors Koç Holding A.S. Istanbul, Turkey Hon. Lee Kuan Yew Minister Mentor Republic of Singapore Singapore Minoru Makihara Senior Corporate Advisor and Former Chairman Mitsubishi Corporation Tokyo, Japan The Rt. Hon. Brian Mulroney Senior Partner Ogilvy Renault Montreal, Canada David J. O’Reilly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chevron Corporation San Ramon, California Kai-Uwe Ricke Chairman of the Board of Management Deutsche Telekom AG Bonn, Germany Sir John Rose Chief Executive Rolls-Royce plc London, United Kingdom Tokyo Sexwale Executive Chairman Mvelaphanda Holdings Ltd Johannesburg, South Africa Walter V. Shipley Former Chairman of the Board The Chase Manhattan Corporation New York, New York Jess Søderberg Partner and Chief Executive Officer A.P . Møller-Maersk Group Copenhagen, Denmark William S. Stavropoulos Chairman of the Board The Dow Chemical Company Midland, Michigan Ratan Naval Tata Chairman Tata Sons Limited Mumbai, India Marco Tronchetti Provera Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Pirelli & C. SpA Milan, Italy Cees J.A. van Lede Former Chairman, Board of Management Akzo Nobel Arnhem, The Netherlands Douglas A. Warner III Former Chairman of the Board J.P . Morgan Chase & Co. New York, New York Ernesto Zedillo Director Yale Center for the Study of Globalization New Haven, Connecticut Jaime Augusto Zobel de Ayala President Ayala Corporation Makati City, Philippines Ex-Officio Members William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman of the Board JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York James Dimon Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York Andrew Crockett President JPMorgan Chase International New York, New York William M. Daley Chairman of the Midwest Region JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chicago, Illinois Walter A. Gubert Vice Chairman JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chairman JPMorgan Chase EMEA London, United Kingdom JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 137 William Frey Vice President, Director Enterprise Foundation NYC Office New York, NY Reuben Gant Executive Director Greenwood Community Development Corp. Tulsa, OK Reginald Gates President/CEO Dallas Black Chamber of Commerce Dallas, TX Sarah Gerecke CEO Neighborhood Housing Services of NYC New York, NY Christie Gillespie Executive Director Indiana Assoc. for Community Economic Development Indianapolis, IN Ernest Gonzalez Corporate Committee Chair Long Island Hispanic Chamber of Commerce West Islip, NY Dina Gonzalez President West Michigan Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Grand Rapids, MI Bruce Gottschall Executive Director Neighborhood Housing Services of Chicago Chicago, IL Colvin Grannum President/CEO Bedford Stuyvesant Restoration Corp. Brooklyn, NY Meg Haller CEO Gary Citywide (CDC) Gary, IN Don Hartman Deputy Director NHS of Phoenix Phoenix, AZ Roy Hastick President/CEO Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce & Industry Brooklyn, NY Norman Henry President Builders of Hope Community Development Corp. Dallas, TX Ralph Hollmon President/CEO Milwaukee Urban League, Inc. Milwaukee, WI Kevin Jackson Executive Director Chicago Rehab Network Chicago, IL Kim Jacobs Executive Director Westchester Housing Fund Hawthorne, NY Manson Johnson Reverend Holman Street Baptist Church Houston, TX Erma Johnson-Hadley Vice Chancellor for Administration Tarrant County College Dist. Fort Worth, TX Amy Klaben President/CEO Columbus Housing Partnership, Inc. Columbus, OH James Klein Executive Director Ohio Community Development Finance Fund Columbus, OH Christopher Kui Executive Director Asian Americans for Equality New York, NY Rhonda Lewis President/CEO Bridge Street Development Corp. Brooklyn, NY William Linder Founder New Community Corporation Newark, NJ Fred Lucas President/CEO Faith Center for Community Development New York, NY Norm Lyons Community Development Corp. Chair One Hundred Black Men of Greater Dallas Dallas, TX Richard Manson Vice President LISC New York, NY Maria Matos Executive Director Latin American Community Center Wilmington, DE Christie McCravy Director of Homeownership Programs The Housing Partnership, Inc. Louisville, KY Luis Miranda Chairman Audubon Partnership for Economic Development New York, NY Marlon Mitchell Executive Director City of Houston Small Business Development Corp. Houston, TX Andrew J. Mooney Senior Program Director Local Initiative Support Corporation Chicago, IL Randy Moore Executive Director Community Works in West Virginia, Inc. Charleston, WV Gilbert Moreno President Association for the Advancement of Mexican Americans Houston, TX Vincent Murray Executive Director Bagley Housing Association, Inc. Detroit, MI Joe Myer Executive Director NCALL Research Dover, DE Jeremy Nowak President/CEO The Reinvestment Fund Philadelphia, PA Claudia O'Grady Executive Director Multi-Ethnic Development Corp. Salt Lake City, UT David Pagan Executive Director Southside United Housing Development Fund Corp. Brooklyn, NY James Paley Executive Director Neighborhood Housing Services of New Haven New Haven, CT John Parvensky President Colorado Coalition for the Homeless Denver, CO John Pritscher President Community Investment Corp. Chicago, IL Kerry Quaglia Executive Director Home Headquarters, Inc. Syracuse, NY Edwin Reed CFO Greater Allen Cathedral of NY Jamaica, NY Kathy Ricci Executive Director Utah Micro-Enterprise Loan Fund Salt Lake City, UT Gwen Robinson President/CEO Hamilton County Community Action Agency Cincinnati, OH Marcos Ronquillo Lawyer Godwin Gruber, LLP Dallas, TX Clifford Rosenthal Executive Director National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions New York, NY Winston Ross Executive Director Westchester Community Opportunity Program Elmsford, NY David Scheck Executive Director NJ Community Capital Corp. Trenton, NJ Doris Schnider President Delaware Community Investment Corp. Wilmington, DE Shirley Stancato President/CEO New Detroit, Inc. Detroit, MI Thomas Stone Executive Director Mt. Pleasant Development Now Cleveland, OH Benjamin Thomas Sr. Pastor Tanner AME Phoenix, AZ Valerie Thompson President/CEO Urban League of Greater Oklahoma City Oklahoma City, OK Carlisle Towery President Greater Jamaica Development Corp. Jamaica, NY Margaret Trahan President/CEO United Way of Acadiana Lafayette, LA Terry Troia Executive Director Project Hospitality Staten Island, NY Reginald Tuggle Pastor Memorial Presbyterian Church Roosevelt, NY Mark Van Brunt Executive Director Raza Development Fund Phoenix, AZ Donna Wertenbach President/CEO Community Economic Development Fund West Hartford, CT Lloyd Williams President/CEO Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce New York, NY Melinda R. Wright Director Momentive Consumer Credit Counseling Service Indianapolis, IN Ravi Yalamanchi CEO Metro Housing Partnership Flint, MI Diana Yazzie-Devine President Native American Connections Phoenix, AZ Community Advisory Board* (continued) *Board membership as of January 2006 138 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report National Advisory Board Richard I. Beattie Chairman Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP Leon D. Black Founding Partner Apollo Management, L.P . David Bonderman Founding Partner Texas Pacific Group David A. Brandon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Domino's Pizza, Inc. Richard J. Bressler Managing Director and Head of the Strategic Resources Group Thomas H. Lee Partners, LP Edgar Bronfman, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Warner Music Group Frank A. D’Amelio Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lucent Technologies Nancy J. De Lisi Senior Vice President of Mergers & Acquisitions Altria Group, Inc. David F. DeVoe Chief Financial Officer News Corporation William T. Dillard II Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dillard's, Inc. Paul J. Fribourg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ContiGroup Companies, Inc. Charles E. Golden Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Eli Lilly and Company John B. Hess Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Amerada Hess Corporation Glenn H. Hutchins Founding Partner Silver Lake Partners Thomas H. Lee Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas H. Lee Capital LLC David C. McCourt Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Granahan McCourt Capital Darla D. Moore Executive Vice President Rainwater, Inc. Patrick J. Moore Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation Michael G. Morris Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer American Electric Power Lewis Ranieri Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ranieri & Company Joseph L. Rice III Chairman Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Inc. David M. Rubenstein Managing Director The Carlyle Group Stephen A. Schwarzman Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder The Blackstone Group David L. Shedlarz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pfizer Inc. Henry R. Silverman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cendant Corporation Barry S. Sternlicht Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Starwood Capital Group Doreen A. Toben Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Verizon Communications Samuel Zell Chairman of the Board Equity Group Investments, L.L.C. Mortimer B. Zuckerman Chairman Boston Properties, Inc. James B. Lee, Jr. Chairman National Advisory Board Philip C. Ackerman Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer National Fuel Gas Company Richard A. Bernstein Chairman and Chief Executive Officer R.A.B. Holdings, Inc. Robert B. Catell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KeySpan Energy Corporation Christopher B. Combe Chairman and President Combe Incorporated Eugene R. Corasanti Chairman and Chief Executive Officer CONMED Corporation Emil Duda Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lifetime Healthcare Company/ Excellus Health Plan Inc. James N. Fernandez Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tiffany & Company Charles F. Fortgang Chairman M. Fabrikant & Sons, Inc. Gladys George President and Chief Executive Officer Lenox Hill Hospital Lewis Golub Chairman of the Board The Golub Corporation Wallace A. Graham Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Schenectady International, Inc. Peter J. Kallet Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Oneida Ltd. Charles A. Krasne President and Chief Executive Officer Krasdale Foods, Inc. Richard W. Kunes Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. Richard S. LeFrak President LeFrak Organization, Inc. Leo Liebowitz Chief Executive Officer Getty Realty Corp. William L. Mack Co-Founder and Managing Partner Apollo Real Estate Advisors L.P . Peter Markson Chairman Paris Accessories, Inc. Herman I. Merinoff Chairman of the Board The Charmer Sunbelt Group John Morphy Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Paychex, Inc. Michael C. Nahl Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Albany International Corp. James L. Nederlander President Nederlander Producing Company of America, Inc. Samuel I. Newhouse III General Manager Advance Publications Inc. William C. Rudin President Rudin Management Company, Inc. Joel Seligman President University of Rochester John Shalam Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Audiovox Corporation Arthur T. Shorin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Topps Company, Inc. Marie Toulantis Chief Executive Officer Barnes & Noble, Inc. Kenneth L. Wallach Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Central National-Gottesman Inc. Fred Wilpon Chairman Sterling Equities, Inc. Regional Advisory Board* *Board membership as of January 2006 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report 139 Corporate Governance Governance is a continuing focus at JPMorgan Chase, starting with the board of directors and continuing throughout the Firm. There are three pillars of good governance: • An independent board, accountable to shareholders • Strong internal governance • Alignment with shareholders Board governance JPMorgan Chase’s board is experienced, independent and accountable to shareholders. The board’s structure and practices include the following, and more information on board governance can be found on the Firm’s website (www.jpmorganchase.com): • effective size: The board’s preference is to maintain a smaller size for effi- ciency and to encourage active dialogue. As retirements occur, the board will actively seek to increase diversity among its membership. • a super-majority of non-management directors: There are only two full- time management members on the board, Bill Harrison and Jamie Dimon. During 2005, Bob Lipp became a part-time member of management to share his special skills in developing talent within the firm. All other mem- bers of the board are non-management directors that the board has determined to be independent. • director independence: independent directors – Each of the non-management directors of JPMorgan Chase was determined by the board to be independent in accordance with board standards that consider past and current employ - ment relationships; any business relationships with or charitable contribu- tions to entities at which a director serves as an officer; and personal banking and other financial relationships, which must be on an arm’s- length basis. executive sessions of directors – In 2005, the board adopted the practice of meeting without management at each regularly scheduled board meeting. access to outside resources – Although the main responsibility for provid- ing assistance to the board rests with management, the board and board committees can engage outside expert advice from sources independent of management at the expense of the Firm. • director accountability: majority voting for directors – In 2005 the board adopted a policy provid - ing that in uncontested elections, any director nominee who receives more withheld than for votes will tender his or her resignation. Absent a com- pelling reason, the board will accept the resignation. • director compensation: The board believes it is desirable that a significant portion of overall director compensation be linked to JPMorgan Chase stock, and the board’s total compensation includes approximately one- third cash and two-thirds stock-based compensation in the form of share equivalents that must be held until a director’s termination of service. Internal governance While governance begins with the board of directors, managing the enter- prise requires effective governance structures and practices throughout the organization. The firm as a whole manages by line of business, supported by global policies and standards that typically apply to all relevant units regard- less of geography or legal structure. The strength of these global control processes is the foundation of regional and individual subsidiary governance. Three examples of the Firm’s global processes and standards are its risk man- agement structure, policy review process and codes of conduct. Defined risk governance is a principle of risk management at JPMorgan Chase. The board of directors exercises oversight of risk management through the board as a whole and through the board’s Audit and Risk Policy commit- tees. The charters of these and other board committees are available at the Firm’s website. The board delegates the formulation of policy and day-to-day risk oversight to management. The Firm’s risk governance structure is built upon the premise that each line of business is responsible for managing the risks inherent in its business activity, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, legal and reputation risk, fiduciary risk and private equity risk. Each line of business has a risk committee responsible for decisions relating to risk strategy, policies and control. Where appropriate, risk committees escalate risk issues to the Firm’s Operating Committee, com- prised of senior officers of the Firm, or to the Risk Working Group, a sub- group of the Operating Committee. Overlaying risk management within the lines of business are three corporate functions: Treasury, Risk Management and Office of the General Counsel. Treasury is responsible for managing the interest rate and liquidity profile of the Firm. Risk Management provides an independent firmwide function of control and management of risk. The Office of the General Counsel has oversight of legal, reputation and fiduciary risk. A discussion of risk management begins at page 60 of this Annual Report. The policy review process is based on the recognition that a firm’s success requires maintenance of a reputation for business pr actices of the highest quality. The Firm has a specific structure to address transactions with clients that have the potential to adversely affect the Firm’ s reputation. Primary responsibility for adherence to the policies and procedures designed to address reputation risk lies with business units, which are also required to submit to regional Reputation Risk Committees proposed transactions that may heighten reputation risk. The committees may approve, reject or require further clarification on or changes to the transaction, or they may escalate the review to the most senior level of review, the Policy Review Office. The objec- tive of the policy review process is to reinforce a culture that ensures that all employees understand the basic principles of reputation risk control and can recognize and address issues as they arise. For a further description of the policy review process, see the discussion of reputation and fiduciary risk start- ing at page 80 of this Annual Report. The Firm has two codes of conduct, one applying to all employees and a sup- plementary code that applies to senior executive and senior financial officers. The Code of Conduct is applicable to all employees and the Firm requires each employee to certify annually his or her compliance with the Code. The Firm also has a Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals to underscore the impor- tance of ethical conduct and compliance with law, particularly as it relates to the maintenance of the Firm's financial books and records and the preparation of its financial statements. Both codes are available at the Firm’s website. Alignment with shareholders Good corporate governance requires that compensation policies align with shareholder interests. JPMorgan Chase’s compensation policy for executive officers emphasizes performance-based, variable compensation over fixed salary and uses equity-based awards to align the interests of executive offi- cers with shareholders. Members of the Firm’s Operating Committee are required to retain 75% of the net shares received from equity-based awards, after deduction for taxes and exercise costs. 140 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2005 Annual Report Board of Directors Hans W. Becherer 1,4 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Deere & Company (Equipment manufacturer) John H. Biggs 1,3 Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association- College Retirement Equities Fund (TIAA-CREF) (Pension fund) Lawrence A. Bossidy 4,5 Retired Chairman Honeywell International Inc. (Technology and manufacturing) Stephen B. Burke 2,3 President Comcast Cable Communications, Inc. (Cable television) James S. Crown 4,5 President Henry Crown and Company (Diversified investments) James Dimon Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ellen V. Futter 4,5 President and Trustee American Museum of Natural History (Museum) William H. Gray, III 2,4 Senior Advisor, Public Policy & Business Diversity Buchanan Ingersoll PC (Law firm) William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman of the Board JPMorgan Chase & Co. Laban P. Jackson, Jr. 1,3 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Clear Creek Properties, Inc. (Real estate development) John W. Kessler 2,4 Owner John W. Kessler Company and Chairman The New Albany Company (Real estate development) Robert I. Lipp 4,5 Senior Advisor JPMorgan Chase & Co. Richard A. Manoogian 1,4 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Masco Corporation (Diversified manufacturer) David C. Novak 2,3 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Yum! Brands, Inc. (Franchised restaurants) Lee R. Raymond 2,3 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Exxon Mobil Corporation (Oil and gas) William C. Weldon 2,3 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Johnson & Johnson (Health care products) Anthony J. Horan Secretary Mark I. Kleinman Treasury Joseph L. Sclafani Controller James Dimon* Chief Executive Officer Austin A. Adams* Technology & Operations Paul Bateman Asset Management Frank J. Bisignano * Chief Administrative Officer Steven D. Black* Investment Bank Philip F. Bleser Commercial Banking John F. Bradley* Human Resources Douglas L. Braunstein Investment Bank Richard M. Cashin One Equity Partners Michael J. Cavanagh * Finance Michael K. Clark Institutional Trust & Investor Services Andrew Crockett JPMorgan Chase International William M. Daley Midwest Region Klaus Diederichs Investment Bank Ina R. Drew* Chief Investment Officer Patrik L. Edsparr Investment Bank Mary E. Erdoes Private Bank Martha J. Gallo Audit Walter A. Gubert Europe, Middle East and Africa Joan Guggenheimer* Legal & Compliance Carlos M. Hernandez Investment Bank Lorraine E. Hricik Treasury Services Rick Lazio Government Affairs & Public Policy James B. Lee, Jr. Investment Bank Steve MacLellan Private Client Services Samuel Todd Maclin* Commercial Banking Jay Mandelbaum* Strategy Donald H. McCree, III Investment Bank William H. McDavid * Legal & Compliance Heidi Miller* Treasury & Securities Services R. Ralph Parks Asia Pacific Scott Powell Home Finance David W. Puth Investment Bank Charles W. Scharf* Retail Financial Services Richard J. Srednicki* Card Services James E. Staley* Asset & Wealth Management Don M. Wilson III * Risk Management Thomas L. Wind Home Finance William T. Winters* Investment Bank Executive Committee Other corporate officers (*denotes member of Operating Committee) Member of: 1. Audit Committee 2. Compensation & Management Development Committee 3. Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee 4. Public Responsibility Committee 5. Risk Policy Committee JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $1.2 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management, and private equity. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its JPMorgan and Chase brands. JPMorgan has one of the largest client franchises in the world. Our clients include corporations, institutional investors, hedge funds, governments and affluent individuals in more than 100 countries. The following businesses use the JPMorgan brand: Investment Bank Asset Management Treasury Services Private Bank Worldwide Securities Services Private Client Services Information about JPMorgan capabilities can be found on jpmorgan.com. Chase is a leading U.S. financial services brand serving consumers, small businesses, corporations and governments with a full range of banking and asset management products in local mark ets and through national distribution. The consumer businesses include: Consumer Banking Home Finance Credit Card Auto Finance Small Business Education Finance The commercial banking businesses include: Middle Market Business Credit Mid-Corporate Equipment Leasing Real Estate Information about Chase capabilities can be found on chase.com. JPMorgan Chase is the brand used to express JPMorgan Chase & Co., the holding company, and is also used by our Treasury Services business and our Community Development Group. Information about the firm is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Telephone: 212-270-6000 http://www.jpmorganchase.com Principal subsidiaries JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association Chase Bank USA, National Association J.P . Morgan Securities Inc. Annual report on Form 10-K The Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission will be made available upon request to: Office of the Secretary JPMorgan Chase & Co. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Stock listing New York Stock Exchange, Inc. London Stock Exchange Limited Tokyo Stock Exchange The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) ticker symbols for stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co. are as follows: JPM (Common Stock) JPMPRH (Depositary Shares Each Representing a One-Tenth Interest in 6 5/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock) Certifications by the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, have been filed as exhibits to the Firm's 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The NYSE requires that the Chief Executive Officer of a listed company certify annually that he or she was not aware of any violation by the company of the NYSE's Corporate Governance listing standards. Such certification was made on June 14, 2005. Financial information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. can be accessed by visiting the Investor Relations site of www.jpmorganchase.com. Additional questions should be addressed to: Investor Relations JPMorgan Chase & Co. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Telephone: 212-270-6000 Direct deposit of dividends For information about direct deposit of dividends, please contact Mellon Investor Services LLC. Stockholder inquiries Contact Mellon Investor Services LLC: By telephone: Within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 1-800-758-4651 (toll free) From all other locations: 1-201-680-6578 (collect) TDD service for the hearing impaired within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 1-800-231-5469 (toll free) All other locations: 1-201-680-6578 (collect) By mail: Mellon Investor Services LLC 480 Washington Blvd. Jersey City, New Jersey 07310-1900 Duplicate mailings If you receive duplicate mailings because you have more than one account listing and you wish to consolidate your accounts, please write to Mellon Investor Services LLC at the address above. Independent registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 300 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10017 Directors To contact any of the Board members please mail correspondence to: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Attention (Board member) Office of the Secretary 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 The corporate governance principles of the board, the charters of the principal board committees and other governance information can be accessed by visiting www.jpmorganchase.com and clicking on “Governance.”Stockholders may request a copy of such materials by writing to the Office of the Secretary at the above address. Transfer agent and registrar Mellon Investor Services LLC 480 Washington Blvd. Jersey City, New Jersey 07310-1900 Telephone: 1-800-758-4651 https://vault.melloninvestor.com/isd Investor Services Program JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investor Services Program offers a variety of convenient, low- cost services to make it easier to reinvest dividends and buy and sell shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. common stock. A brochure and enrollment materials may be obtained by contacting the Program Administrator, Mellon Investor Services LLC, by calling 1-800-758-4651, by writing them at the address indicated above or by visiting their Web site at www.melloninvestor.com. This annual report is printed on paper made from well-managed forests and other controlled sources with the financial section printed on paper containing 20% post-consumer waste (PCW) recycled fibers. The paper is independently certified by SmartWood, a program of the Rainforest Alliance, to the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) standards. FSC is an independent nonprofit organization devoted to encouraging the responsible management of the world’s forests. FSC sets high standards to ensure forestry is practiced in an environmentally responsible, socially beneficial and economically viable way. ©2006 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. Printed in the U.S.A. 20% Cert no. SW -COC-1576 JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. Annual Report 2005 JPMorgan Chase & Co. www.jpmorganchase.com JPMorganChase&Co.2005AnnualReport