ANNUAL REPORT 2004 As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share, ratio and headcount data) 2004 2003 Reported basis (a) Total net revenue $ 43,097 $ 33,384 Net income 4,466 6,719 Net income per share: Basic 1.59 3.32 Diluted 1.55 3.24 Return on common equity 6% 16% Headcount 160,968 96,367 Pro forma combined-operating basis Total net revenue $ 57,280 $ 55,697 Earnings 10,289 9,330 Diluted earnings per share 2.85 2.61 Return on common equity 10% 9% (a) Results are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Financial highlights The financial information provided on pages 1-15 is presented on a pro forma combined- operating basis. The unaudited pro forma combined historical results represent how the financial information of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank One Corporation may have appeared on a combined basis had the two companies been merged as of the earliest date indicated. Additional information, including reconciliation of the pro forma numbers to GAAP , can be found on Form 8-K/A furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2005. For a description of operating basis, including management's reasons for its use of such measures, see page 25 of this Annual Report. Dear fellow shareholder, On January , , we shared with you our plan to unite Bank One and JPMorgan Chase with the goal of creating the best ﬁnancial services company in the world. Throughout the year, we have worked hard to execute one of the largest mergers in ﬁnancial services history. As expected, the process has been challenging and rewarding. On a pro forma combined basis for the full year, net operating income was $ . billion with a % return on equity ( ROE) or a % ROE less goodwill. While these results are not yet what we want them to be, we believe the progress we have made during the past year will ultimately be reﬂected in our performance. In this, our ﬁrst letter to you as a combined company, we will review our  merger milestones, our business performance and our priorities going forward. After reading this letter, we hope you will believe, as we do, that we are doing all of the right things to win in the long run. T oday, we are more conﬁdent than ever in our ability to build a great company. Right: Bill Harrison Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Left: Jamie Dimon President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer 2 I.  MERGER MILESTONES We have made substantial progress in merging our businesses. Since combining the holding companies on July , , we have: • Achieved merger-related cost saves of $ million and decreased headcount by ,, or %, thereby staying on target to achieve a total expense reduction of $  billion by . • Merged the lead banks, broker/dealers and credit card banks. • Made all the key technology decisions, including the selection of our national deposit platform, general ledger, customer identiﬁcation system and credit card processing system. • Created a disciplined operating structure consisting of common reporting, risk management, talent management, monthly business reviews and performance-based compensation. • Identiﬁed our top , leaders and brought them together with our senior management team to learn about the new ﬁrm’s potential and plan for its future. II. REVIEW OF  BUSINESS PERFORMANCE Most of our businesses performed adequately in . However, the full advantages that will come from an increased number of distribution channels, coordinated branding and marketing efforts, and the efﬁciencies of scale are yet to be realized. For our customers, the added value of broader, more complete and higher-quality products and services will be substantial. Below is a brief review by line of business. For more detail, please refer to management’s discussion and analysis later in this report. T o make meaningful comparisons in this letter, we will be discussing our results on a pro forma combined basis. The Investment Bank reported net operating earnings of $ . billion with an ROE of %. A signiﬁ- cant highlight for the year was the performance of our underwriting and advisory businesses. Already the leader in many league categories, including syndicated loans and interest rate and credit derivatives, we moved from th place to th in initial public offerings and ranked nd in global announced M&A, having advised on seven of the largest global M&A deals. Our ﬁxed income business, however, experienced a % drop in revenues. Overall, we should have done considerably better in an economic cycle that produced healthier credit results than anticipated. Over time, we are aiming for a % ROE through economic cycles. That means striving for a % return in the good times and, we hope, no less than a % return in the bad. In , we will seek to maintain our global leadership positions by investing in infrastructure and business growth. Retail Financial Services reported operating earnings of $. billion with an ROE of %. These earnings reﬂect a % increase in consumer and small business banking that helped offset weak performance in home ﬁnance. In home ﬁnance, we were challenged by an industry downturn in mortgage originations driven largely by a dramatic drop-off of reﬁnancing activity due to rising interest rates. Now that the era of historically low interest rates appears to be over, we are focused on running this business far more efﬁciently. Goals for include transitioning the Bank One branded business to the Chase brand, investing in our distribution network and creating a culture focused on productivity and sales. Card Services reported operating earnings of $. billion and an ROE of %. Card Services made outstanding progress toward meeting its merger targets, reducing headcount by ,, or %, and is on track to meet its target of $million in expense saves. In addition to completing the conversion of the heritage Chase card portfolio to our new processing platform in , our drive toward market leadership will come from organic growth, economies of scale, superior customer service and an increased focus on innovation. 3 Commercial Banking reported operating earnings of $ million and an ROE of %. The merger between Bank One and JPMorgan Chase presents a tremendous opportunity for us to meet the growing treasury, asset and wealth management, and investment banking needs of our more than , middle market, corporate banking and real estate clients. In , we will take signiﬁcant steps toward realizing that opportunity. Asset &Wealth Management reported operating earnings of $million and an ROE of %. Improved equity markets and an emphasis on operating efﬁciencies helped us grow ROE from % in . In , we will focus on improving investment performance and add new bankers and ofﬁcers to gather additional assets and grow our base of ultra high net worth and high net worth clients. Treasury & Securities Services reported operating earnings of $million and an ROE of %. These earnings understate the business’ importance, however, because much of our treasury services revenue is included in other business segment results. In , T reasury & Securities Services delivered double-digit revenue growth while also completing the ﬁrst phase of integrating international operations in  countries. In , our goal will be to merge technology systems and leverage the broader set of product capabilities achieved through the merger. III. OUR PRIORITIES DEVELOP AND MAINTAIN STRONG FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE . Financial discipline is the bedrock upon which great companies are built. Great companies prevail through both good and bad economic times and consistently deliver solid performance relative to competitors. Our goal is to become one of those companies. Financial discipline requires: Superior ﬁnancial reporting and management information systems. In , we created a new internal and external ﬁnancial reporting architecture with high-quality and transparent accounting policies that cover capital allocation, revenue sharing, expense allocation and funds-transfer pricing. We then worked with our line of business leaders and their respective chief ﬁnancial ofﬁcers to develop comprehensive ﬁnancial and operating metrics to use in building their businesses. T oday, thousands of proﬁt-and-loss statements – including one for each of our , branches, for example – help us allocate capital appropriately and drive performance. We strive to use one set of numbers inside and outside the company to bring consistency and clarity to how we view and measure performance. While we are satisﬁed with the progress we have made to date, the real beneﬁt will come over time as our management teams increasingly use these tools. A fortress balance sheet. A fortress balance sheet requires a thorough understanding and management of our assets and liabilities; the use of conservative, appropriate accounting; tight ﬁnancial controls; strong loan loss reserves; and a commitment to solid credit ratings. We want a balance sheet of unquestioned strength. With a fortress balance sheet, we can withstand – perhaps even beneﬁt from – difﬁcult times and be deliberate in our capital allocation decisions. Last year, we paid dividends of $ . per share and spent $million to repurchase stock while making key investments in our business and ended the year with a strong Tier capital ratio of .%. Accountability for performance. Financial reports alone won’t sufﬁce. They are simply tools. Financial discipline also requires those in charge to have a deep understanding of their businesses and of what drives proﬁtability and growth. Each month, the management team from each line of business meets with us to discuss ﬁnancial performance, revenue growth, risk management, competitive threats, productivity, innovation, key initiatives and talent management. In the beginning, these meetings were somewhat painful for most of us. T oo often, they ended with more questions than answers. Many managers were asked to dive more deeply into the numbers and be more tough-minded about the reasons why certain initiatives were not on target. Although they aren’t yet where they should be, our meetings are becoming more open, candid and focused. 4 In addition to placing more accountability for performance within each line of business, each business needs to increasingly give its ﬁeld managers the clear and appropriate authority they need to be more accountable and responsive to customers and local market conditions. Identifying, pricing and managing risk. All of our businesses must be properly paid for assuming risk. All forms of risk – interest, credit, market, liquidity, operational, technology and business – must be categorized, valued, measured and dynamically managed in the constantly changing economic and business environment. While we continue to set risk policy and manage overall risk centrally, we have established line of business risk committees that are accountable for risk performance with- in the business. By working directly with the businesses, we are creating an informed risk culture that responds more quickly to business and economic changes and strives to avoid surprises. CUT WASTE AND IMPROVE EFFICIENCY THROUGH OUTSTANDING SYSTEMS AND OPERATIONS . A ﬁnancial services company cannot win unless it is a low-cost provider. This requires eliminating waste and creating the most effective systems and most efﬁcient operations in the business. We are well on our way. For example: • We have completed the credit card industry’s largest-ever systems conversion, moving % of our Visa and MasterCard cardmember base to a faster, more ﬂexible and cost-effective processing system; the remaining % will be converted in , at which point all  million credit cards will be serviced through a single technology platform. • Already the leader in U.S. dollar funds transfers, we will ﬁnish our clearing systems integration in the second quarter of . When we are done, our team will have invested , develop- ment hours on the project designed to ensure that the , transactions that move an average of $. trillion every day are executed ﬂawlessly. • Within the Investment Bank, we are creating a global technology platform for institutional credit risk management as well as credit trading and derivatives processing. • We will move the T exas banking franchise onto our common deposit platform in . In , we will complete our bank franchise integration with the conversion of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, providing all customers with full access to banking services across state lines. • We are consolidating operations centers, refreshing the networks of our major processing centers and  large business hubs, expanding strategic data centers, signiﬁcantly reducing the number of required software applications and centralizing our global help desks to provide consistent infrastructure. • We believe that to assume more control of our destiny we must assume more control of our tech- nology. On January , , we welcomed , previously outsourced technologists to the ﬁrm. Together, we will strive to build the best, most efﬁcient systems and operations in our industry. By year-end , we hope to have completed nearly  conversions and reduced our total number of systems by approximately %. It is an undertaking that will require more than . million “people hours” and at least . million hours of systems testing. When the process is complete, most of our systems will be on single and upgraded platforms. This will give us a distinct edge in provid- ing our customers with products and services that are competitively superior in quality, innovation and price. During the next two years, our systems conversions will be one of our most difﬁcult challenges, but we will do whatever it takes to get them right. INVEST FOR GROWTH . Business cannot grow simply by improving efﬁciency. Growth requires a laser-like focus on execution, a consistent management of risk, a competitive product set and out- standing customer service. We are not interested in growth simply for the sake of growth. We are 5 looking for “good growth”; i.e., good products that meet customer needs and can be proﬁtable over a sustained period of time. Although we currently hold leadership positions in virtually every business we are in, there is room to grow in all of them. We intend to build these businesses by investing in organic growth and ﬁlling strategic gaps through acquisitions and partnerships. Investing in organic growth. We will not grow short-term revenue at the expense of long-term success. For us, smart growth means doing a lot of little things right. Some key examples for include: • Extending our reach in consumer banking by adding more than , sales people, branches, and , ATMs to our -state retail bank network; • Aggressively funding new business development in the Investment Bank, with a special focus on the energy sector and mortgage-backed securities business, as well as investing in ﬁxed income and foreign exchange prime brokerage; • Intensifying our marketing of Card Services by bringing the Chase brand to a broader customer base; maximizing our partnerships with many of the nation’s best-known brands; innovating continuously; and expanding product breadth; • Increasing our Private Bank’s ultra high net worth client base by entering eight new markets globally and building our Private Client Services’ client base by expanding our presence in the large and rapidly growing high net worth market in the northeast United States. Filling the gaps through acquisitions and partnerships. In addition to fueling organic growth, we will pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships to ﬁll gaps in capabilities, geographies, product offerings and services. Although we are not prepared to make any large moves at this time, we will not pass up smaller acquisitions of strategic value. For example, we entered into two important partnerships and made one acquisition: • In February , JPMorgan and Cazenove Group formed JPMorgan Cazenove, a joint venture that will be one of the United Kingdom’s foremost investment banks. This venture is a major step toward strengthening our global position. • In December , we formed a strategic partnership with and acquired a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management, a hedge fund with $ billion of assets under management and an extraordinary consistency of returns. Highbridge’s talent, longevity and track record will be a tremendous addition to our investment offerings for institutional and high net worth clients. • In January , JPMorgan Chase acquired Electronic Financial Services, a leading provider of government-issued beneﬁts payments and pre paid stored value cards used by state and federal government agencies and private institutions. This acquisition further advanced our leadership position in wholesale electronic payment services and immediately positioned us as a leader in the public sector segment. BUILD GREAT BRANDS . Shortly after the merger was announced, we began formulating our brand strategy. At ﬁrst, we thought we simply needed to decide whether to market our consumer products under the name of Bank One or Chase. Our research, however, produced intriguing results. Both Chase and Bank One tested well, but the research revealed that each has very different strengths. The Chase brand is associated with “a tradition of trust” that could extend to a broader array of products and services, such as insurance, retirement products and investments. The Bank One brand, however, is viewed as having “momentum.” 6 Beginning in March , you will see the emergence of a new Chase brand that combines the best of both: the trustworthiness of Chase with the energy of Bank One. Chase will be used to market products and services offered by Commercial Banking, Card Services and Retail Financial Services. The re-energized brand will be introduced with a nationwide marketing campaign focusing initially on the Chase family of credit cards. By the end of , our consumer business will be spending more than $billion annually in support of one brand: Chase. We intend to make Chase the best brand in the consumer ﬁnancial services industry. We are on track to have all of our more than , bank branches operating under the Chase brand by the end of the third quarter . Our research also reafﬁrmed the power of the JPMorgan brand, which is associated with a long history of unsurpassed client service, high performance standards, integrity and commitment to relationships. The Investment Bank, our international services and Asset & Wealth Management businesses – which include investment management, the Private Bank and Private Client Services – will now be marketed solely under the JPMorgan brand. CREATE A WINNING CULTURE . Over the course of our careers, we have completed many major mergers. They are always difﬁcult. Mergers are about change, and change is hard. Our past experiences, however, have made us appreciate the enormous progress that the people of Bank One and JPMorgan Chase have achieved this year. Since we announced the merger, a lot has been written about how the cultures of Bank One and JPMorgan Chase would interact and which one would survive. T oday, a new culture is emerging that reﬂects the best of both ﬁrms. Every day, we are getting better, and the effects are taking hold. We are becoming more candid and open in the way we communicate and more disciplined in the way we run the ﬁrm. People are working together to tackle issues, and managers are leading their teams with a deeper understanding of the underlying dynamics of their businesses. There is greater buy-in for the vision, more passion about growing the business and a heightened sense of urgency. A winning culture requires great leaders. In , we identiﬁed our top , leaders from through- out the businesses and around the world. But that is just the beginning. In , we will conduct in-depth talent reviews in all lines of business to identify our high-potential individuals and create development plans for all of them. Our LeadershipMorganChase program provides a unique forum for our senior managers to come together to learn more about our vision and plan for the ﬁrm and to develop the skills they need to become great managers and leaders. Our goal is to provide our people with everything they need to play an instrumental role in the future growth and success of this ﬁrm. We are also working to create a more inclusive work environment by requiring our managers to be accountable for building diverse teams. As part of our effort to improve diversity at the executive level, we are now devoting much more attention to career planning and development for high- potential employees from under-represented groups. BUILD A GREAT COMPANY . Our ﬁrm has been built on a reputation of trust that spans more than two centuries and represents the coming together of more than  companies. T oday, we stand on the shoulders of those who came before us. We honor this legacy by committing ourselves to the integrity and customer service that have long distinguished our ﬁrm. We intend to earn this reputa- tion every day by doing the right thing, not necessarily the most expedient thing. Our Board of Directors shares this commitment and is helping us accomplish it. We expect a lot from our Board, and they expect a lot from us. We appreciate their support and value their guidance. 7 We also would like to express special appreciation to the Directors who have retired since the merger was announced: Riley P . Bechtel; Frank A. Bennack, Jr.; John H. Bryan; M. Anthony Burns; Dr. Maureen A. Fay; John R. Hall; Helene L. Kaplan; John W . Rogers, Jr.; and Frederick P . Stratton, Jr. A great company gives its employees the opportunity to share in the success they have helped create. Two-thirds of our employees own our stock. They think like owners because they are. T o help ensure that our senior management team always acts in the long-term best interests of the ﬁrm, we are required to hold % of the stock awarded. A great company gives back to the community it serves. Our predecessor ﬁrms have long and distin- guished traditions of active community involvement. Lending to build and rebuild communities, philanthropic giving and employee volunteerism are traditions that are very much alive today at JPMorgan Chase. In , more than , JPMorgan Chase employees around the world dedicated , hours to , volunteer community service projects. In , we made an $ billion, -year public commitment to provide loans and investments that will beneﬁt the credit and capital needs of minority and lower-income households and communities. In , we achieved the ﬁrst $ billion of that commitment. Additionally, we contributed more than $million to thousands of not-for-proﬁt organizations around the world. T o help ensure we are meeting the speciﬁc needs of these communities, most of our philanthropic decisions are made locally. One of these community projects – our ON_DEC program in Brooklyn – received the  “Ron Brown Award for Corporate Leadership,” the only presidential award honoring companies for achievement in employee and community relations. IN CLOSING , the past few years were transformative for both Bank One and JPMorgan Chase. In facing tough challenges we each have emerged better, stronger and healthier. T ogether, we are now equipped and determined to become the best ﬁnancial institution in the world. We asked a great deal of our employees during the past year, and they delivered. But we still have an enormous amount of work ahead. The coming year will be a crucial one for us. The potential is tremendous. We promise to do everything in our power to seize the opportunity and deliver on it for our customers, for our shareholders, for our employees and for all of the communities we serve throughout the United States and around the world. Sincerely, James Dimon President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer March ,  Investment Bank (In millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Total net revenue $13,506 $14,254 Operating earnings 3,654 3,929 Return on common equity 18% 17% 81% 77% 8 Our businesses We are one of the world’s leading investment banks with deep client relationships and product capabilities, serving 8,000 clients in more than 100 countries. Our clients are corporations, ﬁnancial institutions, governments and institutional investors worldwide. Our broad client franchise is one of many features that differentiates us from our investment banking peers. We provide a complete platform to our clients, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, equity and debt capital raising, sophisticated risk manage- ment, research, and market-making in cash securities and derivative instruments around the world. We also participate in proprietary investing and trading. 2005 execution focus •F ocus on the client; exceed expectations with each interaction. • Deliver our full product base to clients; leverage partnerships with Commercial Banking’s Middle Market segment, Treasury & Securities Services and Chase Home Finance. •F ocus on generating higher returns relative to our risk taking. • Invest in growth businesses, including Energy and Commodities, Fixed Income and Foreign Exchange Prime Brokerage, Equities and Mortgage-Backed Securities. • Maintain a talented, entrepreneurial and inclusive workforce. • Streamline decision making, be nimble and efﬁcient, and concentrate on foster- ing efﬁcient processes and procedures. 2004 accomplishments • Grew Investment banking fees by 12%. • Increased share of initial public offerings in the global markets by U.S. issuers to 9% from 1% – up to #4 from #16 in 2003. • Pioneered a new hybrid offering: the credit equity target redemption note structure is the ﬁrst product to integrate interest rate, credit and equity derivatives. • Advised on seven of the 10 largest deals in announced global M&A and grew share to 26%, up from 16% in 2003. • Developed signiﬁcant economies of scale in derivatives technology and analytics, thereby achieving low-cost producer status. • Strengthened our position in Europe by creating JPMorgan Cazenove, a joint venture that will provide investment banking services to clients in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Investment Bank • Structured Products Award for Innovation of the Year – JPMorgan credit equity target redemption note (Risk magazine, January 2005) • #1 Interest Rate Options, Interest Rate Swaps, Equity Derivatives and Credit Derivatives (Risk End User Rankings, May 2004) • #1 U.S. M&A (announced); #1 Global and U.S. Syndicated Loans; #1 Asia Paciﬁc Equity Convertibles; #2 Global M&A (announced); #2 Europe Middle East Africa M&A (number of deals); #2 Europe Middle East Africa Equity Convertibles; #2 U.S. Investment Grade Bonds; and #3 Global Debt, Equity and Equity-Related Securities Investment Bank highlights Pro forma* * All information is on a pro forma combined-operating basis. See inside front cover for details. 9 Retail Financial Services (In millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Total net revenue $15,076 $14,770 Operating earnings 3,279 2,633 Return on common equity 25% 21% Retail Financial Services Our businesses Retail Financial Services helps meet the ﬁnancial needs of consumers and small businesses through more than 2,500 bank branches and 225 mortgage ofﬁces as well as through relationships with over 15,000 auto dealerships, 2,500 schools and univer- sities, and 2,100 insurance agencies. More than 5,000 personal bankers, 2,500 mortgage loan ofﬁcers, 1,300 investment representatives and 1,000 small business bankers work with customers to provide checking and savings accounts, mortgage and home equity loans, small business loans, credit cards, investments and insurance. We are the fourth-largest mortgage originator, the second-largest home equity originator, the largest bank originator of automobile loans and a top provider of loans for college students. 2005 execution focus • Add more than 150 branches, 1,000 employees in new branches, 1,000 sales- people throughout our branch network and 1,000 ATMs to serve customers better. • Continue to open new checking accounts and to build on these and existing rela- tionships to include sales of investments, credit cards, and home equity and small business loans. • Integrate mortgage lenders into bank branches to serve 9 million branch customers. • Achieve incremental merger savings, free- ing capital for investment in new branches, branch and ATM refurbishment, salesforce, marketing and technology. • Begin to convert Bank One branches to Chase brand on a state-by-state basis, heightening local market visibility, gen- erating new customers and expanding current relationships. 2004 accomplishments • Increased consumer and small business banking relationships, resulting in a 9% increase in average core deposits and a 7% increase in checking accounts. • Rolled out proﬁt-and-loss statements as well as a consistent sales incentive pro- gram throughout the branch network. • Implemented an integrated Small Business Banking model, aligning prod- ucts, services and incentives with the branch network. • Originated $146 billion of mortgages and grew mortgage servicing portfolio by 9% to $562.0 billion. • Grew auto and education loans by 7% to $53.9 billion. • Increased investment sales volume by 7% to $10.9 billion. • Added 106 bank branches, bringing the total to 2,508 in one of the largest U.S. branch networks and added 325 ATMs, bringing the total to 6,650 in the second-largest U.S.ATM network • Grew checking accounts by 563,000, bringing the total to 8.2 million accounts • Increased home equity originations by 23% to $52 billion Retail Financial Services highlights Pro forma* * All information is on a pro forma combined-operating basis. See inside front cover for details. 10 Card Services (In millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Total net revenue $15,001 $13,968 Operating earnings 1,681 1,368 Return on common equity 14% 12% Card Services Our businesses With 94 million cards in circulation and more than $135 billion in managed loans, Chase Card Services is the largest issuer of general-purpose credit cards in the United States and the largest merchant acquirer in the country. Our customers used our cards for over $282 billion worth of charge volume in 2004. Chase offers a wide variety of cards to satisfy the individual needs of consumers and small businesses, including cards issued for AARP , Amazon.com, Continental Airlines, Marriott, Southwest Airlines, Starbucks, United Airlines, Universal Studios, Walt Disney Company and a range of other well-known brands and organizations. 2005 execution focus • Drive proﬁtable growth in new customer acquisitions by leveraging best-in-class processes as well as our substantial credit card partnerships and by investing in new capabilities. • Grow existing customer base proﬁtably by keeping and activating more cus- tomers and increasing sales volume and fee-based revenue programs. • Drive down operating cost per active account to industry-leading levels. • Invest in marketing and technology initiatives designed to position the Chase brand for long-term growth. • Complete card conversion by moving heritage Chase portfolio to new processing system. 2004 accomplishments • Made quick merger integration decisions and took action by selecting the best people, practices and processes. • Acquired 17.8 million net new Visa, MasterCard and private label accounts. • Completed the industry’s largest-ever systems conversion, moving millions of accounts in the heritage Bank One portfolio to a more ﬂexible and cost- effective processing system. • Increased merchant processing volume to $489 billion. • Acquired the Circuit City portfolio, giving us a platform that will allow us to issue private label cards. • 94 million credit cards issued; over $282 billion in 2004 charge volume • Largest general-purpose credit card issuer and merchant acquirer in the U.S. • More than 850 credit card partnerships with well-known brands Card Services highlights Pro forma* * All information is on a pro forma combined-operating basis. See inside front cover for details. 11 Commercial Banking Our businesses Commercial Banking serves more than 25,000 clients, including corporations, municipalities, ﬁnancial institutions and not-for-proﬁt entities with annual revenues generally ranging from $10 million to $2 billion. A local market presence and a strong customer service model coupled with a focus on risk management provide a solid infrastructure for Commercial Banking to offer the complete product set of JPMorgan Chase, including lending, treasury services, investment banking and investment management. Commercial Banking’s clients beneﬁt greatly from our extensive retail banking branch network and often use the capa- bilities of JPMorgan Chase exclusively to meet their ﬁnancial services needs. Commercial Banking (In millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Total net revenue $3,417 $3,397 Operating earnings 992 832 Return on common equity 29% 20% 2004 accomplishments • Engaged more than 4,500 employees across 22 states to communicate a consistent and timely message to clients regarding the merger and beneﬁts to them. • Delivered $1 billion of earnings and a 29% ROE through disciplined ﬁnancial management. • Grew deposits 16% to $66 billion. • Launched a client coverage initiative to more effectively provide ﬁnancial solu- tions to the companies in our markets. • Began the integration of systems and products to enhance our ability to offer a full range of ﬁnancial services. • Businesses include Middle Market Banking, Corporate Banking, Commercial Real Estate Banking, Business Credit and Equipment Leasing • Commercial Banking operates in 10 of the top 15 major metropolitan areas in the U.S. • Leading commercial bank in the U.S., with $50 billion in average loans and $66 billion in average deposits Commercial Banking highlights 2005 execution focus • Demonstrate commitment to our clients through all stages of their growth with our industry expertise and extensive geographic reach. • Provide consistent coverage to our clients offering them the best in local service. • Accelerate business development through focused product and client coverage in the markets we serve. • Continue integrating the systems and services to deliver the full range of capabilities more efﬁciently to our customers. Pro forma* * All information is on a pro forma combined-operating basis. See inside front cover for details. 12 Treasury & Securities Services (In millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Total net revenue $5,400 $4,772 Operating earnings 437 454 Return on common equity 23% 24% Treasury & Securities Services Our businesses Treasury & Securities Services is a global leader in providing transaction, invest- ment and information services to support the needs of chief ﬁnancial ofﬁcers, treas- urers, issuers and institutional investors worldwide through its three businesses – Treasury Services, Investor Services and Institutional Trust Services. Treasury Services is a leading provider of cash management, trade and treasury serv- ices, processing an average of $1.8 trillion in U.S. dollar funds transfers daily. Investor Services is one of the top three custodians in the world, with $9.1 trillion in total assets under custody. Institutional Trust Services is the world’s largest debt trustee and American Depositary Receipt bank (based on market capitalization under man- agement), servicing $6.7 trillion in debt. 2005 execution focus • Leverage broad product capabilities from the merger to provide innovative solutions to clients. • Expand in high-potential market segments and regions. • Cross sell with business partners across JPMorgan Chase. • Achieve market differentiation by deliv- ering competitively superior customer service and product innovation. • Continue to focus on cost efﬁciencies to fund investments in the business. • Make strategic acquisitions to increase scale in traditional product areas, extend product lines and expand geo- graphic reach. 2004 accomplishments • Delivered double-digit revenue growth. • Created the world’s largest cash management provider as a result of the merger. • Executed the ﬁrst phase of the merger successfully, which included integrating international operations in 36 countries. • Increased assets under custody by 20%. • Grew volume of Automated Clearing House (ACH) originations by 30%. • Increased corporate trust securities under administration by 6%. • Acquired two companies that expanded product depth and geographic reach: Tranaut, a recognized best-in-class hedge fund administrator; and TASC, the largest third-party asset administration service provider in South Africa. • #1 U.S. Dollar Treasury Clearing and Commercial Payments; #1 ACH Originations, CHIPS and Fedwire • #2 Global Custody; “Best Global Custodian Overall” (Global Investor) • #1 Trustee U.S. Corporate Debt; #1 Global Trustee Collateralized Debt Obligations Treasury & Securities Services highlights Pro forma* * All information is on a pro forma combined-operating basis. See inside front cover for details. 13 Asset & Wealth Management Our businesses Asset & Wealth Management provides investment and wealth management serv- ices to investors and their advisors. With combined assets under supervision in excess of $1 trillion, we are one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. We manage our clients’ assets through four key business segments: Institutional, Retail, Private Bank and Private Client Services. JPMorgan Asset Management provides investment management for our institutional and retail clients through a broad range of separate accounts and funds. Our retail clients, who seek retire- ment and brokerage services, also are serv- iced through JPMorgan Retirement Plan Services and BrownCo. Our ultra high net worth and high net worth clients receive integrated wealth management services from JPMorgan Private Bank and JPMorgan Private Client Services, respectively. Asset & Wealth Management (In millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Total net revenue $4,901 $4,275 Operating earnings 879 629 Return on common equity 37% 25% 2005 execution focus • Meet client demand for absolute return by expanding our investment capabili- ties in alternative investment products. • Continue to integrate our intellectual capital with the global resources required to deliver strong, consistent investment performance across our broad range of investment strategies. • Continue to expand the geographic footprint of our wealth management businesses by investing in eight new Private Banking markets globally and building the Private Client Services markets in the northeastern U.S. • Build our Retail franchise by expanding our third-party distribution, 401(k) and brokerage platforms. 2004 accomplishments • Achieved strong earnings growth driven by asset inﬂows and improved markets globally. • Surpassed $100 billion in European retail client assets, including mandates for diverse funds, sub-advisory and liquidity strategies. • Delivered strong, consistent performance across a broad range of investment strategies. More than 90% of JPMorgan Asset Management’s U.S. large-cap research-driven equity strategies and 95% of our broad market ﬁxed income strategies outperformed industry bench- marks for 2004 and 2003. • Produced record asset inﬂows for JPMorgan Private Bank. •F ormed a strategic partnership with and acquired a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management, a $7 billion hedge fund ﬁrm with extra- ordinary consistency of returns and experienced business leadership. • $1 trillion in assets under supervision; over $40 billion in alternative assets under management •2 million retail clients, plus institutional and high net worth clients • #1 U.S. Private Bank; #2 Global Money Market Asset Manager; #2 Offshore Fund Manager; #3 Global Private Bank; #3 U.S. Active Asset Manager; #5 U.S. Mutual Fund Company Asset & Wealth Management highlights Pro forma* * All information is on a pro forma combined-operating basis. See inside front cover for details. 14 Corporate Our businesses The Corporate Sector is composed of the Private Equity business, Treasury, and corporate staff and other centrally managed expenses. The Private Equity business invests in leveraged buyouts, growth equity and venture capital for the Firm and third parties around the world. Treasury manages structural interest rate risk and the Firm’s investment portfolio. The corporate staff areas support the lines of business to deliver superior ﬁnancial services to businesses and consumers around the world. The support areas include: Central Technology and Operations; Internal Audit; Executive Ofﬁce; Finance; General Services; Human Resources; Marketing & Communications; Ofﬁce of the General Counsel; Real Estate and Business Services; Risk Management; and Strategy and Development. 2005 execution focus • Reduce the Firm’s overall exposure to Private Equity while continuing to invest in Private Equity as a strategic business. • Invest in corporate technology initia- tives: expand the strategic data centers; enhance the infrastructure that supports risk and ﬁnance activities; integrate the technology that supports human resources activities; refresh 11 major processing centers and 22 corporate business hubs; consolidate global help desks and provide consistent infrastruc- ture; and consolidate operating centers. • Advance technology initiatives within Card Services, Investment Bank and Treasury & Securities Services. 2004 accomplishments • Generated strong Private Equity results while reducing the book value of the Private Equity portfolio to $7.5 billion at year-end 2004, from $9.6 billion at year-end 2003. • Repositioned the Treasury investment portfolio in expectation of rising interest rates. • Repurchased $738 million of common stock. • Implemented ﬁnancial reporting architecture. •F inalized brand strategy. • Began the insourcing of technology activities. • Eliminated duplicate activities that resulted from the merger and reduced related headcount. • Conformed our human resources and beneﬁts policies. All information is on a pro forma combined-operating basis. See inside front cover for details. 15 Community Partnership Our businesses Central to our history and culture is the principle of working to improve the com- munities we serve. In 2004, JPMorgan Chase contributed over $140 million to thousands of not-for-proﬁt organizations around the world and provided more than $3.0 billion just in community develop- ment lending and investing for housing and economic development in low- and moderate-income communities. As part of our global volunteer initiative, 27,500 employees, retirees, friends and family members participated in 1,900 volunteer projects. We also work to preserve the environment through policies and initia- tives that are guided by our Ofﬁce of Environmental Affairs. We have experienced ﬁrsthand the bene- ﬁts gained with a corporate culture that’s actively inclusive, where colleagues are recognized based on their talent and skills and where diversity is used as a competitive advantage to beneﬁt from the broadest possible pool of employee talent, experiences and perspectives. These capabilities and programs support our interaction with communities and with each other and guide our efforts to be a responsible corporate citizen. 2005 execution focus • Continue to work with thousands of not- for-proﬁts across the United States and in global markets to make an impact in three primary areas of need: community asset development, youth education and community life. • Strengthen our partnerships with the communities by evaluating and address- ing their needs based on our complete lending, investing, philanthropic and sponsorship capabilities. • Continue to drive accountability for diversity through business metrics across the organization. • Develop and implement a comprehensive environmental policy to promote environ- mentally responsible ways to conduct our internal and external business activities. • Made an $800 billion, 10-year public commitment to provide loans and investments that will beneﬁt the credit and capital needs of minority and lower-income households and communities • Earned “The Ron Brown Award for Corporate Leadership,” a U.S. presidential award that recognizes companies for outstanding achievement in employee and community relations, for our ON_DEC program which bridges the “digital divide” at one inner city middle school in New York • Provided more than $5 million in corporate and employee donations to help with the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster relief efforts to several not-for-proﬁt organizations, including, but not limited to, the International Red Cross, UNICEF and numerous Asia-based organizations 2004 accomplishments • Achieved more than $68.0 billion in the ﬁrst year of our $800 billion, 10-year public commitment. • Contributed over $140 million to not-for- proﬁts, including $18 million directed by employees through our matching gift and volunteer grants programs. • Enriched communities with sponsorships and events focused on arts, culture and sports, including the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Challenge that raised more than $375,000 for local not-for-proﬁt organizations globally. • Relaunched the Corporate Diversity Council, chaired by Bill Harrison. The Council sets the overall vision for diversity within JPMorgan Chase and seeks to create a more inclusive workplace for all. • Established the Ofﬁce of Environmental Affairs and allocated dedicated resources to increase the company’s focus on envi- ronmental issues related to the company. Community Partnership highlights 16 Board of Directors Hans W. Becherer 1,4 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Deere & Company (Equipment manufacturer) John H. Biggs 1,3 Former Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association- College Retirement Equities Fund (TIAA-CREF) (Pension fund) Lawrence A. Bossidy 4,5 Retired Chairman Honeywell International Inc. (Technology and manufacturing) Stephen B. Burke 2,3 President Comcast Cable Communications, Inc. (Cable television) James S. Crown 4,5 President Henry Crown and Company (Diversiﬁed investments) James Dimon President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer Ellen V. Futter 4,5 President and Trustee American Museum of Natural History (Museum) William H. Gray, III 2,4 Retired President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer The College Fund/UNCF (Educational assistance) William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Laban P . Jackson, Jr. 1,3 Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Clear Creek Properties, Inc. (Real estate development) John W. Kessler 2,4 Owner John W. Kessler Company and Chairman The New Albany Company (Real estate development) Robert I. Lipp 4,5 Executive Chairman of the Board The St. Paul Travelers Companies, Inc. (Insurance) Richard A. Manoogian 1,4 Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Masco Corporation (Diversiﬁed manufacturer) David C. Novak 2,3 Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Yum! Brands, Inc. (Franchised restaurants) Lee R. Raymond 2,3 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Exxon Mobil Corporation (Oil and gas) John R. Stafford 2,3 Retired Chairman of the Board Wyeth (Pharmaceuticals) Anthony J. Horan Secretary Mark I. Kleinman Treasury William J. Moran Audit Joseph L. Sclafani Controller William B. Harrison, Jr.* Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer James Dimon* President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer Austin A. Adams* Technology & Operations Paul Bateman Asset Management Steven D. Black* Investment Bank Philip F. Bleser Commercial Banking Douglas L. Braunstein Investment Bank William I. Campbell* Card Services Michael J. Cavanagh* Finance Michael K. Clark Institutional Trust & Investor Services John R. Corrie Investment Bank David A. Coulter West Coast Region William M. Daley Midwest Region Klaus Diederichs Investment Bank Ina R. Drew* Chief Investment Ofﬁcer Patrik L. Edsparr Investment Bank John J. Farrell* Human Resources Walter A. Gubert Europe, Middle East and Africa Joan Guggenheimer* Legal & Compliance Carlos M. Hernandez Investment Bank Frederick W. Hill Marketing & Communications Lorraine E. Hricik Treasury Services Fawzi Kyriakos-Saad Investment Bank Rick Lazio Government Affairs James B. Lee, Jr. Investment Bank Steve MacLellan Private Client Services Samuel Todd Maclin* Commercial Banking Jay Mandelbaum* Strategy Donald H. McCree, III Risk Management William H. McDavid* Legal & Compliance Heidi Miller* Treasury & Securities Services R. Ralph Parks Asia Paciﬁc Scott Powell Home Finance David W. Puth Investment Bank Charles W. Scharf* Retail Financial Services Richard J. Srednicki Card Services James E. Staley* Asset & Wealth Management Jeffrey C. Walker Private Equity Don M. Wilson III* Risk Management Thomas L. Wind Home Finance William T. Winters* Investment Bank Executive Committee Other corporate officers Member of: 1. Audit Committee 2. Compensation & Management Development Committee 3. Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee 4. Public Responsibility Committee 5. Risk Policy Committee (*denotes member of Operating Committee) This page has been amended since the Annual Report was printed and presents the Executive Committee of the Firm as of March 30, 2005. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 17 Table of contents Financial: Management’s discussion and analysis: 18 Introduction 20 Executive overview 22 Consolidated results of operations 25 Explanation and reconciliation of the Firm’s use of non-GAAP financial measures 28 Business segment results 49 Balance sheet analysis 50 Capital management 52 Off –balance sheet arrangements and contractual cash obligations 54 Risk management 55 Liquidity risk management 57 Credit risk management 70 Market risk management 75 Operational risk management 76 Reputation and fiduciary risk management 76 Private equity risk management 77 Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm 80 Nonexchange-traded commodity contracts at fair value 80 Accounting and reporting developments Audited financial statements: 82 Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting 83 Report of independent registered public accounting firm 84 Consolidated financial statements 88 Notes to consolidated financial statements Supplementary information: 129 Selected quarterly financial data 130 Five-year summary of consolidated financial highlights 131 Glossary of terms Corporate: 132 Community Advisory Board 134 Regional Advisory Board 134 National Advisory Board 135 JPMorgan Chase International Council 136 Governance 137 Corporate data and shareholder information Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 18 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report home mortgages. Consumer & Small Business Banking offers one of the largest branch networks in the United States, covering 17 states with 2,508 branches and 6,650 automated teller machines. Auto & Education Finance is the largest bank originator of automobile loans as well as a top provider of loans for college students. Through its Insurance operations, the Firm sells and underwrites an extensive range of financial protection products and investment alternatives, including life insurance, annuities and debt protection products. Card Services Card Services (“CS”) is the largest issuer of general purpose credit cards in the United States, with approximately 94 million cards in circulation, and is the largest merchant acquirer. CS offers a wide variety of products to satisfy the needs of its cardmembers, including cards issued on behalf of many well-known partners, such as major airlines, hotels, universities, retailers and other financial institutions. Commercial Banking Commercial Banking (“CB”) serves more than 25,000 corporations, munici- palities, financial institutions and not-for-profit entities, with annual revenues generally ranging from $10 million to $2 billion. A local market presence and a strong customer service model, coupled with a focus on risk management, provide a solid infrastructure for CB to provide the Firm’s complete product set – lending, treasury services, investment banking and investment manage- ment – for both corporate clients and their executives. CB’s clients benefit greatly from the Firm’s extensive branch network and often use the Firm exclusively to meet their financial services needs. Treasury & Securities Services Treasury & Securities Services (“TSS”) is a global leader in providing transaction, investment and information services to support the needs of corporations, issuers and institutional investors worldwide. TSS is the largest cash manage- ment provider in the world and one of the top three global custodians. The Treasury Services business provides clients with a broad range of capabilities, including U.S. dollar and multi-currency clearing, ACH, trade, and short-term liquidity and working capital tools. The Investor Services business provides a wide range of capabilities, including custody, funds services, securities lend- ing, and performance measurement and execution products. The Institutional Trust Services business provides trustee, depository and administrative services for debt and equity issuers. Treasury Services partners with the Commercial Banking,Consumer & Small Business Banking and Asset & Wealth Management segments to serve clients firmwide. As a result, certain Treasury Services revenues are included in other segments’ results. Asset & Wealth Management Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”) provides investment management to retail and institutional investors, financial intermediaries and high-net-worth families and individuals globally. For retail investors, AWM provides invest- ment management products and services, including a global mutual fund franchise, retirement plan administration, and consultation and brokerage Introduction JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”), a financial hold- ing company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with $1.2 trillion in assets, $106 billion in stockholders’ equity and operations in more than 50 countries. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and businesses, financial transaction processing, investment management, private banking and private equity. JPMorgan Chase serves more than 90 million customers, including consumers nationwide and many of the world’s most prominent wholesale clients. JPMorgan Chase’s principal bank subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank”), a national banking associa- tion with branches in 17 states; and Chase Bank USA, National Association, a national bank headquartered in Delaware that is the Firm’s credit card issuing bank. JPMorgan Chase’s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P . Morgan Securities Inc. (“JPMSI”), its U.S. investment banking firm. The headquarters for JPMorgan Chase is in New York City. The retail banking business, which includes the consumer banking, small business banking and consumer lending activities with the exception of credit card, is headquar- tered in Chicago. Chicago also serves as the headquarters for the commercial banking business. JPMorgan Chase’s activities are organized, for management reporting purpos- es, into six business segments, as well as Corporate. The Firm’s wholesale businesses are comprised of the Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services, and Asset & Wealth Management. The Firm’s consumer businesses are comprised of Retail Financial Services and Card Services. A description of the Firm’s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases, follows: Investment Bank JPMorgan Chase is one of the world’s leading investment banks, as evidenced by the breadth of its client relationships and product capabilities. The Investment Bank (“IB”) has extensive relationships with corporations, finan- cial institutions, governments and institutional investors worldwide. The Firm provides a full range of investment banking products and services, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital raising in equity and debt markets, sophisticated risk management, and market-making in cash securi- ties and derivative instruments in all major capital markets. The IB also com- mits the Firm’s own capital to proprietary investing and trading activities. Retail Financial Services Retail Financial Services (“RFS”) includes Home Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking, Auto & Education Finance and Insurance. Through this group of businesses, the Firm provides consumers and small businesses with a broad range of financial products and services including deposits, invest- ments, loans and insurance. Home Finance is a leading provider of consumer real estate loan products and is one of the largest originators and servicers of This section of the Annual Report provides management’s discussion and analysis (“MD&A”) of the financial condition and results of opera- tions for JPMorgan Chase. See the Glossary of terms on page 131 for a definition of terms used throughout this Annual Report. The MD&A included in this Annual Report contains statements that are forward- looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause JPMorgan Chase’s results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties are described herein and in Part I, Item 1: Business, Important factors that may affect future results, in the JPMorgan Chase Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available at the Commission’s website (www.sec.gov), to which reference is hereby made. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 19 services. AWM delivers investment management to institutional investors across all asset classes. The Private bank and Private client services businesses provide integrated wealth management services to ultra-high-net-worth and high-net-worth clients, respectively. Merger with Bank One Corporation Effective July 1, 2004, Bank One Corporation (“Bank One”) merged with and into JPMorgan Chase (the “Merger”), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 14, 2004. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of common stock of Bank One was converted in a stock-for-stock exchange into 1.32 shares of common stock of JPMorgan Chase. The Merger was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. The purchase price to complete the Merger was $58.5 billion. Key objectives of the Merger were to provide the Firm with a more balanced business mix and greater geographic diversification. Bank One’s results of operations were included in the Firm’s results beginning July 1, 2004. Therefore, the results of operations for the 12 months ended December 31, 2004, reflect six months of operations of the combined Firm and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase; the results of operations for all other periods prior to 2004 reflect only the operations of heritage JPMorgan Chase. It is expected that cost savings of approximately $3.0 billion (pre-tax) will be achieved by the end of 2007; approximately two-thirds of the savings are anticipated to be realized by the end of 2005. Total 2004 Merger savings were approximately $400 million. Merger costs to combine the operations of JPMorgan Chase and Bank One are expected to range from approximately $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion (pre-tax). Of these costs, approximately $1.0 billion, specifically related to Bank One, were accounted for as purchase accounting adjustments and were recorded as an increase to goodwill in 2004. Of the approximately $3.0 billion to $3.5 billion in remaining Merger-related costs, $1.4 billion (pre-tax) were incurred in 2004 and have been charged to income, $1.4 billion (pre-tax) are expected to be incurred in 2005, and the remaining costs are expected to be incurred in 2006. These estimated Merger- related charges will result from actions taken with respect to both JPMorgan Chase’s and Bank One’s operations, facilities and employees. The charges will be recorded based on the nature and timing of these integration actions. As part of the Merger, certain accounting policies and practices were conformed, which resulted in $976 million (pre-tax) of charges in 2004. The significant components of the conformity charges were comprised of a $1.4 billion (pre-tax) charge related to the decertification of the seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, and the benefit of a $584 million reduction in the allowance for credit losses as a result of conforming the wholesale and con- sumer credit provision methodologies. Other business events Electronic Financial Services On January 5, 2004, JPMorgan Chase acquired Electronic Financial Services (“EFS”), a leading provider of government-issued benefits payments and pre- paid stored value cards used by state and federal government agencies and private institutions. The acquisition further strengthened JPMorgan Chase’s position as a leading provider of wholesale payment services. Cazenove On November 5, 2004, JPMorgan Chase and Cazenove Group plc (“Cazenove”) announced an agreement to combine Cazenove’s investment banking busi- ness and JPMorgan Chase’s United Kingdom-based investment banking busi- ness into a new entity to be jointly owned. The partnership will provide investment banking services in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The transac- tion closed on February 28, 2005, and the new company is called JPMorgan Cazenove Holdings. Highbridge On December 13, 2004, JPMorgan Chase formed a strategic partnership with and acquired a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management (“Highbridge”), a New York-based multi-strategy hedge fund manager, with seven discrete strategy groups and more than $7 billion of assets under management. Highbridge has offices in New York, London and Hong Kong. Including Highbridge, JPMorgan Chase now manages more than $40 billion of absolute-return products (e.g., hedge funds, private equity and real estate investments). Vastera On January 7, 2005, JPMorgan Chase agreed to acquire Vastera, a provider of global trade management solutions, for approximately $129 million. Vastera’s business will be combined with the Logistics and Trade Services businesses of TSS’s Treasury Services unit. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2005. Vastera automates trade management processes associated with the physical movement of goods internationally; the acquisition will enable Treasury Services to offer management of information and processes in support of physical goods movement, together with financial settlement. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 20 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Executive overview This overview of management’s discussion and analysis highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Annual Report. This overview discusses the economic or industry-wide factors that affected JPMorgan Chase, the factors that drove business performance, and the factors that management monitors in setting policy. For a more complete understanding of trends, events, commitments, uncertainties, liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting estimates, this entire Annual Report should be read carefully. Financial performance of JPMorgan Chase As of or for the year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except per share and ratio data) 2004 2003 Change Total net revenue $ 43,097 $ 33,384 29% Provision for credit losses 2,544 1,540 65 Noninterest expense 34,359 21,816 57 Net income 4,466 6,719 (34) Net income per share – diluted 1.55 3.24 (52) Average common equity 75,641 42,988 76 Return on average common equity (“ROCE”) 6% 16% (1,000)bp Loans $ 402,114 $ 214,766 87% Total assets 1,157,248 770,912 50 Deposits 521,456 326,492 60 Tier 1 capital ratio 8.7% 8.5% 20bp Total capital ratio 12.2 11.8 40 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Business overview The Firm’s results in 2004 were affected by many factors, but the most signifi- cant of these were the Merger, the litigation charge taken in the second quarter of the year and global economic growth. The Firm reported 2004 net income of $4.5 billion, or $1.55 per share, compared with net income of $6.7 billion, or $3.24 per share, for 2003. The return on common equity was 6%, compared with 16% in 2003. Results included $3.7 billion in after-tax charges, or $1.31 per share, comprised of: Merger costs of $846 million; charges to conform accounting policies as a result of the Merger of $605 million; and a charge of $2.3 billion to increase litigation reserves. Excluding these charges, operating earnings would have been $8.2 billion, or $2.86 per share, and return on common equity would have been 11%. Operating earnings represent business results without the merger-related costs and the significant litigation charges. During the course of the year, the Firm developed a comprehensive plan of Merger integration and began to execute on the plan. Significant milestones during the year included: branding decisions for all businesses; merger of the holding companies, lead banks and credit card banks; conversion of the Bank One credit card portfolio to a new processing platform; announcement of insourcing of major technology operations; and consolidation and standardi- zation of human resource policies and benefit plans. As part of the Merger, the Firm announced that it had targeted reducing operating expenses by $3.0 billion (pre-tax) by the end of 2007. In order to accomplish the cost reductions, the Firm announced that it expects to incur Merger costs of approximately $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion and reduce its workforce by approx- imately 12,000 over the same time period. In 2004, both the U.S. and global economies continued to strengthen overall, even though momentum slowed during the second half of the year due to rising oil prices. Gross domestic product increased by 3.9% globally and 4.4% in the U.S., both up from 2003. The U.S. economy experienced rising short- term interest rates, driven by Federal Reserve Board (“FRB”) actions during the course of the year. The federal funds rate increased from 1.00% to 2.25% dur- ing the year and the yield curve flattened, as long-term interest rates were rel- atively stable. Equity markets, both domestic and international, enjoyed strong results, with the S&P 500 up 9% and international indices increasing in similar fashion. Capital markets activity during 2004 was healthy, debt underwriting was consistent with the strong levels experienced in 2003, and equity under- writing enjoyed strong and consistent activity during the year. The U.S. consumer sector showed continued strength buoyed by the overall economic strength, despite slowing mortgage origination and refinance activity. Retail sales were up over the prior year, and bankruptcy filings were down significantly from 2003. On an operating basis, net income in each of the Firm’s lines of business was affected primarily by the Merger. The discussion that follows highlights other factors which affected operating results in each business. Despite the relatively beneficial capital markets environment, results for the Investment Bank were under pressure during the year. This was primarily due to a decline in trading revenue related to lower fixed income trading, driven by weaker portfolio management results, and a reduction in net interest income, stemming primarily from lower loan balances. This was partially offset by increased investment banking fees, the result of continued strength in debt underwriting, and higher advisory fees. The Investment Bank benefited from a reduction in the allowance for credit losses, primarily due to the improved credit quality of the loan portfolio, as evidenced by the significant drop in nonperforming loans and, to a lesser extent, recoveries of previously charged- off loans. Expenses rose, primarily due to higher compensation expenses. Retail Financial Services benefited from better spreads earned on deposits and growth in retained residential mortgage and home equity loan balances. Mortgage fees and related income was also up, reflecting higher mortgage servicing revenue, partially offset by significantly lower prime mortgage pro- duction income related to the slower mortgage origination activity. The Provision for credit losses benefited from improved credit quality in nearly all portfolios and a reduction in the allowance for credit losses related to the sale of a $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio. Higher compensation expenses were due to continued expansion of the branch office network, including 130 new locations (106 net additional branches) opened during 2004 for the combined Firm, and expansion of the sales force, partially offset by ongoing efficiency improvements. Card Services revenue benefited from higher loan balances and customer charge volume, which increased net interest income and higher net inter- change income, respectively. Expenses increased due to higher marketing spending and higher volume-based processing expenses. Commercial Banking revenues benefited from strong deposit growth and higher investment banking fees. These benefits were partially offset by lower service charges on deposits, which often decline when interest rates rise. Credit quality continued to improve, resulting in lower net charge-offs and nonperforming loans. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 21 Treasury & Securities Services revenues benefited from strong growth in assets under custody and average deposits, along with deposit spreads, which improved due to the relatively low interest rate environment for deposits. These benefits were offset by lower service charges on deposits, which often decline when interest rates rise. Revenues and expenses also were affected by acquisitions, divestitures and growth in business volume. Expenses also increased due to software impairment charges, and legal and technology-related expenses. Asset & Wealth Management results were positively affected by the strength of global equity markets, an improved product mix, better investment performance and net asset inflows. Results also benefited from deposit and loan growth. The Corporate segment performance was negatively affected by a reposition- ing of the investment securities portfolio and tighter spreads. This was partially offset by improved Private Equity results due to an improved climate for investment sales. The Firm’s balance sheet was likewise significantly affected by the Merger. Aside from the Merger, the Firm took a number of actions during the year to strength- en the balance sheet. Notably, the Treasury investment portfolio was reposi- tioned to reduce exposure to rising interest rates; auto leasing was de-empha- sized, and lease receivables were reduced by 16% to $8 billion; the $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio was sold; the $2 billion recreational vehicle portfolio was sold subsequent to year-end; a significant portion of third-party private equity investments have been sold; and the Firm increased its litigation reserves. The Firm’s capital base was also significantly enhanced following the Merger. As of year-end, total stockholders’ equity was $106 billion, and the Tier 1 capital ratio was 8.7%. The capital position allowed the Firm to begin repur- chasing common stock during the second half of the year, with more than $700 million, or 19.3 million common shares, repurchased during the year. 2005 business outlook JPMorgan Chase’s outlook for 2005 should be viewed against the backdrop of the global economy, financial markets and the geopolitical environment, all of which are integrally linked together. While the Firm considers outcomes for, and has contingency plans to respond to, stress environments, its basic outlook for 2005 is predicated on the interest rate movements implied in the forward rate curve for U.S. Treasuries, the continuation of the favorable U.S. and international equity markets and continued expansion of the global economy. The performance of the Firm’s capital markets businesses is highly correlated to overall global economic growth. The Investment Bank enters 2005 with a strong pipeline for advisory and underwriting business, and it continues to focus on growing its client-driven trading business. Compared with 2004, the Investment Bank expects a reduction in credit portfolio revenues, as both net interest income on loans and gains from workouts are likely to decrease. Financial market movements and activity levels also affect Asset & Wealth Management and Treasury & Securities Services. Asset & Wealth Management anticipates revenue growth, driven by net inflows to Assets under supervision and by the Highbridge acquisition, as well as deposit and loan growth. Treasury & Securities Services anticipates modest revenue growth, due to wider spreads on deposits, as well as increased business volume and activity in the custody, trade, commercial card, American Depositary Receipt and Collateralized Debt Obligation businesses. Commercial Banking anticipates that net revenues will benefit from growth in treasury services and investment banking fees, offset by margin compression on loans. The business outlook varies for the respective consumer businesses. Card Services anticipates modest growth in consumer spending and in card out- standings. For RFS, Home Finance earnings are likely to weaken given a mar- ket-driven decline in mortgage originations, neutralizing the expected earnings increase in Consumer & Small Business Banking. The drop in revenue at Home Finance should be mitigated by ongoing efforts to bring expenses in line with lower expected origination volumes. Growth is expected to continue in Consumer & Small Business Banking, with increases in core deposits and asso- ciated revenue partially offset by ongoing investments in the branch distribu- tion network. New branch openings should continue at a pace consistent with or slightly above those of 2004. At the heritage Chase branches, expanded hours and realigned compensation plans that tie incentives to branch perform- ance are expected to provide improvements in productivity and incremental net revenue growth. Earnings in Auto & Education Finance are expected to remain under pressure, given the current competitive operating environment. Across all RFS businesses, credit quality trends remain stable, with a slight increase in credit costs likely in 2005. The Corporate sector includes Private Equity, Treasury and the corporate sup- port units. The revenue outlook for the Private Equity business is directly relat- ed to the strength of equity market conditions in 2005. If current market con- ditions persist, the Firm anticipates continued realization of private equity gains; the Firm is not anticipating investment securities gains from the Treasury portfolio in 2005. The Provision for credit losses in 2005 is anticipated to be higher than in 2004, driven primarily by a return to a more normal level of provisioning for credit losses in the wholesale businesses over time. The consumer Provision for credit losses in 2005 should reflect increased balances, with generally sta- ble credit quality. The Firm plans to implement higher minimum-payment requirements in the Card Services business in the third quarter of 2005; it is anticipated that this will increase delinquency and net charge-off rates, but the magnitude of the impact is currently being assessed. The Firm’s 2005 expenses should reflect the realization of $1.5 billion in merger savings. These savings are expected to be offset by a projected $1.1 billion of incremental spending related to firmwide technology infrastructure, distribution enhancement, and product improvement and expansion in Retail Financial Services, the Investment Bank and Asset & Wealth Management. In addition, expenses will increase as a result of recent acquisitions, such as Highbridge and Cazenove. Management will seek to continue to strengthen the Firm’s balance sheet through rigorous financial and risk discipline. Any capital generated in excess of the Firm’s capital targets, and beyond that required to support anticipated modest growth in assets and the underlying risks of the Firm’s businesses, including litigation risk, will create capital flexibility in 2005 with respect to common stock repurchases and further investments in the Firm’s businesses. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 22 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Consolidated results of operations The following section provides a comparative discussion of JPMorgan Chase’s consolidated results of operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended December 31, 2004. Factors that are primarily related to a single business segment are discussed in more detail within that business segment than they are in this consolidated section. For a discussion of the Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm that affect the Consolidated results of operations, see pages 77–79 of this Annual Report. Revenue Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Investment banking fees $ 3,537 $ 2,890 $ 2,763 Trading revenue 3,612 4,427 2,675 Lending & deposit related fees 2,672 1,727 1,674 Asset management, administration and commissions 7,967 5,906 5,754 Securities/private equity gains 1,874 1,479 817 Mortgage fees and related income 1,004 923 988 Credit card income 4,840 2,466 2,307 Other income 830 601 458 Noninterest revenue 26,336 20,419 17,436 Net interest income 16,761 12,965 12,178 Total net revenue $ 43,097 $ 33,384 $ 29,614 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Total net revenues, at $43.1 billion, rose by $9.7 billion or 29%, primarily due to the Merger, which affected every category of Total net revenue. Additional factors contributing to the revenue growth were higher consumer demand for credit products and higher credit card charge volume, as well as strong retail and wholesale deposit growth. Investment banking revenues increased as a result of growth in global market volumes and market share gains. Revenue also benefited from acquisitions and growth in assets under custody, under management and under supervision, the result of global equity market appreciation and net asset inflows. Private equity gains were higher due to an improved climate for investment sales. The discussion that follows highlights factors other than the Merger that affected the 2004 versus 2003 comparison. The increase in Investment banking fees was driven by significant gains in underwriting and advisory activities as a result of increased global market volumes and market share gains. Trading revenue declined by 18%, primarily due to lower portfolio management results in fixed income and equities. For a further discussion of Investment banking fees and Trading revenue, which are primarily recorded in the IB, see the IB segment results on pages 30–32 of this Annual Report. Lending & deposit related fees were up from 2003 due to the Merger. The rise was partially offset by lower service charges on deposits, as clients paid for services with deposits, versus fees, due to rising interest rates. Throughout 2004, deposit balances grew in response to rising interest rates. The increase in Asset management, administration and commissions was also driven by the full-year impact of other acquisitions – such as EFS in January 2004, Bank One’s Corporate Trust business in November 2003 and JPMorgan Retirement Plan Services in June 2003 – as well as the effect of global equity market appreciation, net asset inflows and a better product mix. In addition, a more active market for trading activities in 2004 resulted in higher broker- age commissions. For additional information on these fees and commissions, see the segment discussions for AWM on pages 45–46, TSS on pages 43–44 and RFS on pages 33–38 of this Annual Report. Securities/private equity gains for 2004 rose from the prior year, primarily fueled by the improvement in the Firm’s private equity investment results. This was offset by lower securities gains on the Treasury investment portfolio as a result of lower volumes of securities sold, and lower gains realized on sales due to higher interest rates; additionally, RFS’s Home Finance business report- ed losses in 2004 on available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities, as compared with gains in 2003. For a further discussion of securities gains, see the RFS and Corporate segment discussions on pages 33–38 and 47–48, respectively, of this Annual Report. For a further discussion of Private equity gains, which are primarily recorded in the Firm’s Private Equity business, see the Corporate segment discussion on pages 47–48 of this Annual Report. Mortgage fees and related income rose as a result of higher servicing revenue; this improvement was partially offset by lower mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) asset risk management results and prime mortgage production rev- enue, and lower gains from sales and securitizations of subprime loans as a result of management’s decision in 2004 to retain these loans. Mortgage fees and related income excludes the impact of NII and securities gains related to home mortgage activities. For a discussion of Mortgage fees and related income, which is primarily recorded in RFS’s Home Finance business, see the Home Finance discussion on pages 34–36 of this Annual Report. Credit card income increased from 2003 as a result of higher customer charge volume, which resulted in increased interchange income, and higher credit card servicing fees associated with the increase of $19.4 billion in average securitized loans. The increases were partially offset by higher volume-driven payments to partners and rewards expense. For a further discussion of Credit card income, see CS’s segment results on pages 39–40 of this Annual Report. The increase in Other income from 2003 reflected gains on leveraged lease transactions and higher net results from corporate and bank-owned life insur- ance policies. These positive factors in 2004 were partially offset by gains on sales of several nonstrategic businesses and real estate properties in 2003. Net interest income rose from 2003 as growth in volumes of consumer loans and deposits, as well as wider spreads on deposits, contributed to higher net interest income. These were partially offset by lower wholesale loan balances in the IB and tighter spreads on loans, investment securities and trading assets stemming from the rise in interest rates. The Firm’s total average inter- est-earning assets for 2004 were $744.1 billion, up $154.2 billion from 2003. Growth was also driven by higher levels of consumer loans. The net interest yield on these assets, on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, was 2.27% in 2004, an increase of 6 basis points from the prior year. 2003 compared with 2002 Total revenue for 2003 was $33.4 billion, up 13% from 2002. All businesses benefited from improved economic conditions in 2003. In particular, the low–interest rate environment drove robust fixed income markets and an unprecedented mortgage refinancing boom, which drove the growth in revenue. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 23 Investment banking fees increased by $127 million, primarily due to growth in IB’s equity underwriting, which was up 49%, reflecting increases in market share and underwriting volumes. This increase was partially offset by lower advisory fees reflecting depressed levels of M&A activity. Trading revenue was up $1.8 billion, or 65%, primarily due to strong client and portfolio manage- ment revenue growth in fixed income and equity markets as a result of the low–interest rate environment, improvement in equity markets and volatility in credit markets. For a further discussion of Investment banking fees and Trading revenue, which are primarily recorded in the Investment Bank, see the IB segment results on pages 30-32 of this Annual Report. Lending & deposit related fees rose, the result of higher fees on standby letters of credit, due to growth in transaction volume, and higher service charges on deposits. These charges were driven by an increase in the payment of services with fees, versus deposits, due to lower interest rates. The increase in Asset management, administration and commissions was attrib- utable to a more favorable environment for debt and equity activities, resulting in higher fees for the custody, institutional trust, brokerage and other processing- related businesses. Fees for investment management activities also increased as a result of acquisitions in AWM, but these increases were partially offset by institutional net fund outflows, which resulted in lower average assets under management. Securities/private equity gains increased to $1.5 billion from $817 million in 2002, reflecting significant improvement in private equity gains. These gains were partially offset by lower gains realized from the sale of securities in Treasury and of AFS securities in RFS’s Home Finance business, driven by increasing interest rates beginning in the third quarter of 2003. For a further discussion of private equity gains (losses), see the Corporate segment discus- sion on pages 47–48 of this Annual Report. Mortgage fees and related income declined by 7% in 2003, primarily due to a decline in revenue associated with risk management of the MSR asset, mortgage pipeline and mortgage warehouse; these were partially offset by higher fees from origination and sales activity and other fees derived from volume and market-share growth. For a discussion of Mortgage fees and related income, which is primarily recorded in RFS’s Home Finance business, see the Home Finance discussion on pages 34–36 of this Annual Report. Credit card income rose as a result of higher credit card servicing fees associated with the $6.7 billion growth in average securitized credit card receivables. For a further discussion of Credit card income, see CS’s segment results on pages 39–40 of this Annual Report. Other income rose, primarily from $200 million in gains on sales of securities acquired in loan workouts (compared with $26 million in 2002), as well as gains on the sale of several nonstrategic businesses and real estate properties; these were partly offset by lower net results from corporate and bank-owned life insurance policies. In addition, 2002 included $73 million of write-downs for several Latin American investments. The increase in Net interest income reflected the positive impact of lower interest rates on consumer loan originations, such as mortgages and auto- mobile loans and leases and related funding costs. Net interest income was partially reduced by a lower volume of wholesale loans and lower spreads on investment securities. The Firm’s total average interest-earning assets in 2003 were $590 billion, up 6% from the prior year. The net interest yield on these assets, on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, was 2.21%, the same as in the prior year. Provision for credit losses 2004 compared with 2003 The Provision for credit losses of $2.5 billion was up $1.0 billion, or 65%, com- pared with the prior year. The impact of the Merger, and of accounting policy con- formity charges of $858 million, were partially offset by releases in the allowance for credit losses related to the wholesale loan portfolio, primarily due to improved credit quality in the IB. Wholesale nonperforming loans decreased by 21% even after the inclusion of Bank One’s loan portfolio. RFS’s Provision for credit losses benefited from a reduction in the allowance for credit losses related to the sale of the $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio and continued positive credit quality trends in the home and auto finance businesses. The provision related to the credit card portfolio grew by $919 million, principally due to the Merger. For further information about the Provision for credit losses and the Firm’s manage- ment of credit risk, see the Credit risk management discussion on pages 57–69 of this Annual Report. 2003 compared with 2002 The 2003 Provision for credit losses was $2.8 billion lower than in 2002, primarily reflecting continued improvement in the quality of the wholesale loan portfolio and a higher volume of credit card securitizations. Noninterest expense Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Compensation expense $ 14,506 $ 11,387 $ 10,693 Occupancy expense 2,084 1,912 1,606 Technology and communications expense3,702 2,844 2,554 Professional & outside services 3,862 2,875 2,587 Marketing 1,335 710 689 Other expense 2,859 1,694 1,802 Amortization of intangibles 946 294 323 Total noninterest expense before merger costs and litigation reserve charge 29,294 21,716 20,254 Merger costs 1,365 — 1,210 Litigation reserve charge 3,700 100 1,300 Total noninterest expense $ 34,359 $ 21,816 $ 22,764 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Noninterest expense was $34.4 billion in 2004, up $12.5 billion, or 57%, pri- marily due to the Merger. Excluding $1.4 billion of Merger costs, and litiga- tion reserve charges, Noninterest expenses would have been $29.3 billion, up 35%. In addition to the Merger and litigation charges, expenses increased due to reinvestment in the lines of business, partially offset by merger-related savings throughout the Firm. Each category of Noninterest expense was affect- ed by the Merger. The discussion that follows highlights other factors which affected the 2004 versus 2003 comparison. Compensation expense was up from 2003, primarily due to strategic invest- ments in the IB and continuing expansion in RFS. These factors were partially offset by ongoing efficiency improvements and merger-related savings throughout the Firm, and a reduction in pension costs. The decline in pension costs was mainly attributable to the increase in the expected return on plan assets from a discretionary $1.1 billion contribution to the Firm’s pension Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 24 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report safety measures. Also contributing to the increase were charges for unoccupied excess real estate of $270 million; this compared with $120 million in 2002. Technology and communications expense increased primarily due to a shift in expenses: costs that were previously associated with Compensation and Other expenses shifted, upon the commencement of the IBM outsourcing agreement, to Technology and communications expense. Also contributing to the increase were higher costs related to software amortization. For a further discussion of the IBM outsourcing agreement, see Corporate on page 47 of this Annual Report. Professional & outside services rose, reflecting greater utilization of third- party vendors for processing activities and higher legal costs associated with various litigation and business-related matters. Higher Marketing expense was driven by more robust campaigns for the Home Finance business. The decrease in Other expense was due partly to expense management initia- tives, such as reduced allowances to expatriates and recruitment costs. There were no Merger costs in 2003. In 2002, merger and restructuring costs of $1.2 billion were for programs announced prior to January 1, 2002. The Firm added $100 million to the Enron-related litigation reserve in 2003 to supplement a $1.3 billion reserve initially recorded in 2002. The 2002 reserve was established to cover Enron-related matters, as well as certain other mate- rial litigation, proceedings and investigations in which the Firm is involved. Income tax expense The Firm’s Income before income tax expense, Income tax expense and effective tax rate were as follows for each of the periods indicated: Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except rate) 2004 2003 2002 Income before income tax expense $ 6,194 $10,028 $2,519 Income tax expense 1,728 3,309 856 Effective tax rate 27.9% 33.0% 34.0% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 The reduction in the effective tax rate for 2004, as compared with 2003, was the result of various factors, including lower reported pre-tax income, a higher level of business tax credits, and changes in the proportion of income subject to federal, state and local taxes, partially offset by purchase accounting adjustments related to leveraged lease transactions. The Merger costs and accounting policy conformity adjustments recorded in 2004, and the Litigation reserve charge recorded in the second quarter of 2004, reflected a tax benefit at a 38% marginal tax rate, contributing to the reduction in the effective tax rate compared with 2003. 2003 compared with 2002 The effective tax rate decline was principally attributable to changes in the proportion of income subject to state and local taxes. plan in April 2004, partially offset by changes in actuarial assumptions for 2004 compared with 2003. For a detailed discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit costs, see Note 6 on pages 92–95 of this Annual Report. The increase in Occupancy expense was partly offset by lower charges for excess real estate, which were $103 million in 2004, compared with $270 million in 2003. Technology and communications expense was higher than in the prior year as a result of higher costs associated with greater use of outside vendors, prima- rily IBM, to support the global infrastructure requirements of the Firm. After the Merger, JPMorgan Chase decided to terminate its outsourcing agreement with IBM, effective December 31, 2004. For a further discussion regarding the IBM outsourcing agreement, see the Corporate segment discussion on page 47 of this Annual Report. Professional & outside services rose due to higher legal costs associated with pending litigation matters, as well as outside services stemming from recent acquisitions, primarily EFS, and growth in business at TSS and CS. Marketing expense rose as CS initiated a more robust marketing campaign during 2004. Other expense was up due to software impairment write-offs of $224 million, primarily in TSS and Corporate, compared with $60 million in 2003; higher accruals for non-Enron-related litigation cases; and the impact of growth in business volume. These were partly offset by a $57 million settlement related to the Enron surety bond litigation. For a discussion of Amortization of intangibles and Merger costs, refer to Note 15 and Note 8 on pages 109–111 and 98, respectively. In June of 2004, JPMorgan Chase recorded a $3.7 billion (pre-tax) addition to the Litigation reserve. While the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain, the addition reflected management’s assessment of the appropriate reserve level in light of all then-known information. By comparison, 2003 included a charge of $100 million for Enron-related litigation. 2003 compared with 2002 Total Noninterest expense was $21.8 billion, down 4% from the prior year. In 2002, the Firm recorded $1.3 billion of charges, principally for Enron- related litigation, and $1.2 billion for merger and restructuring costs related to programs announced prior to January 1, 2002. Excluding these costs, expenses rose by 8% in 2003, reflecting higher performance-related incen- tives, increased costs related to stock-based compensation and pension and other postretirement expenses; and higher occupancy expenses. The Firm began expensing stock options in 2003. The increase in Compensation expense principally reflected higher perform- ance-related incentives, as well as higher pension and other postretirement benefit costs, primarily as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions. The increase pertaining to incentives included $266 million as a result of adopting SFAS 123, and $120 million from the reversal in 2002 of previously accrued expenses for certain forfeitable key employee stock awards. Total compensa- tion expenses declined as a result of the transfer, beginning April 1, 2003, of 2,800 employees to IBM in connection with the aforementioned technology outsourcing agreement. The increase in Occupancy expense reflected costs of additional leased space in midtown Manhattan and in the South and Southwest regions of the United States, higher real estate taxes in New York City and the cost of enhanced JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 25 The Firm prepares its Consolidated financial statements using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”); these financial statements appear on pages 84–87 of this Annual Report. That presentation, which is referred to as “reported basis,” provides the reader with an understanding of the Firm’s results that can be consistently tracked from year to year and enables a comparison of the Firm’s performance with other companies’ U.S. GAAP financial statements. In addition to analyzing the Firm’s results on a reported basis, management reviews line-of-business results on an “operating basis,” which is a non- GAAP financial measure. The definition of operating basis starts with the reported U.S. GAAP results. In the case of the IB, operating basis noninterest revenue includes, in Trading revenue, net interest income related to trading activities. Trading activities generate revenues, which are recorded for U.S. GAAP purposes in two line items on the income statement: Trading revenue, which includes the mark-to-market gains or losses on trading positions, and Net interest income, which includes the interest income or expense related to those positions. Combining both the trading revenue and related net interest income enables management to evaluate the IB’s trading activities, by consid- ering all revenue related to these activities, and facilitates operating compar- isons to other competitors. The following table reclassifies the Firm’s trading- related Net interest income to Trading revenue. Trading-related Net interest income reclassification Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Net interest income – reported $ 16,761 $ 12,965 $ 12,178 Trading-related NII (1,950) (2,129) (1,880) Net interest income – adjusted $ 14,811 $ 10,836 $ 10,298 Trading revenue – reported (b) $ 3,612 $ 4,427 $ 2,675 Trading-related NII 1,950 2,129 1,880 Trading revenue – adjusted (b) $ 5,562 $ 6,556 $ 4,555 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Reflects Trading revenue at the Firm level. The majority of Trading revenue is recorded in the Investment Bank. In addition, segment results reflect revenues on a tax-equivalent basis. The tax-equivalent gross-up for each business segment is based upon the level, type and tax jurisdiction of the earnings and assets within each business segment. Operating revenue for the Investment Bank includes tax-equivalent adjustments for income tax credits primarily related to affordable housing investments as well as tax-exempt income from municipal bond investments. Information prior to the Merger has not been restated to conform with this new presentation. The amount of the tax-equivalent gross-up for each busi- ness segment is eliminated within the Corporate segment. For a further dis- cussion of trading-related revenue and tax-equivalent adjustments made to operating revenue, see the IB on pages 30–32 of this Annual Report. In the case of Card Services, operating or managed basis excludes the impact of credit card securitizations on revenue, the Provision for credit losses, net charge-offs and loan receivables. Through securitization the Firm transforms a portion of its credit card receivables into securities, which are sold to investors. The credit card receivables are removed from the consolidated bal- ance sheet through the transfer of principal credit card receivables to a trust, and the sale of undivided interests to investors that entitle the investors to specific cash flows generated from the credit card receivables. The Firm retains the remaining undivided interests as seller’s interests, which are recorded in Loans on the Consolidated balance sheet. A gain or loss on the sale of credit card receivables to investors is recorded in Other income. Securitization also affects the Firm’s consolidated income statement by reclas- sifying as credit card income, interest income, certain fee revenue, and recov- eries in excess of interest paid to the investors, gross credit losses and other trust expenses related to the securitized receivables. For a reconciliation of reported to managed basis of Card Services results, see page 40 of this Annual Report. For information regarding loans and residual interests sold and securitized, see Note 13 on pages 103–106 of this Annual Report. JPMorgan Chase uses the concept of “managed receivables” to evaluate the credit performance and overall financial performance of the underlying credit card loans, both sold and not sold; as the same borrower is continuing to use the credit card for ongoing charges, a borrower’s credit performance will affect both the loan receivables sold under SFAS 140 and those not sold. Thus, in its disclosures regarding managed loan receivables, JPMorgan Chase treats the sold receivables as if they were still on the balance sheet in order to disclose the credit performance (such as net charge-off rates) of the entire managed credit card portfolio. In addition, Card Services operations are fund- ed, operating results are evaluated and decisions about allocating resources such as employees and capital are based on managed financial information. Finally, operating basis excludes Merger costs, the Litigation reserve charge and accounting policy conformity adjustments related to the Merger, as man- agement believes these items are not part of the Firm’s normal daily business operations (and, therefore, are not indicative of trends) and do not provide meaningful comparisons with other periods. Management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures at the segment level. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors in understanding the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitate a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors. Explanation and reconciliation of the Firm’s use of non-GAAP financial measures Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 26 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Year ended December 31, (e) 2004 2003 (in millions) Reported Securitized Managed Reported Securitized Managed Loans – Period-end $ 402,114 $ 70,795 $ 472,909 $ 214,766 $ 34,856 $ 249,622 Total assets – average 962,556 51,084 1,013,640 775,978 32,365 808,343 (e) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm’s reported GAAP results to operating results: (Table continues on next page) Year ended December 31, (a) 2004 2003 (in millions, except Reported Credit Special Operating Reported Credit Special Operating per share and ratio data) results card (b) items basis results card (b) items basis Revenue Investment banking fees $ 3,537 $ — $ — $ 3,537 $ 2,890 $ — $ — $ 2,890 Trading revenue (c) 5,562 — — 5,562 6,556 — — 6,556 Lending & deposit related fees 2,672 — — 2,672 1,727 — — 1,727 Asset management, administration and commissions 7,967 — — 7,967 5,906 — — 5,906 Securities/private equity gains 1,874 — — 1,874 1,479 — — 1,479 Mortgage fees and related income 1,004 — — 1,004 9 2 3—— 9 2 3 Credit card income 4,840 (2,267) — 2,573 2,466 (1,379) — 1,087 Other income 830 (86) 118 (1) 862 601 (71) — 530 Noninterest revenue (c) 28,286 (2,353) 118 26,051 22,548 (1,450) — 21,098 Net interest income (c) 14,811 5,251 — 20,062 10,836 3,320 — 14,156 Total net revenue 43,097 2,898 118 46,113 33,384 1,870 — 35,254 Provision for credit losses 2,544 2,898 (858) (2) 4,584 1,540 1,870 — 3,410 Noninterest expense Merger costs 1,365 — (1,365) (3) — ———— Litigation reserve charge 3,700 — (3,700) (4) — 1 0 0—— 1 0 0 All other noninterest expense 29,294 — — 29,294 21,716 — — 21,716 Total noninterest expense 34,359 — (5,065) 29,294 21,816 — — 21,816 Income before income tax expense 6,194 — 6,041 12,235 10,028 — — 10,028 Income tax expense 1,728 — 2,296 (6) 4,024 3,309 — — 3,309 Net income $ 4,466 $ — $ 3,745 $ 8,211 $ 6,719 $ — $ — $ 6,719 Earnings per share – diluted $ 1.55 $ — $ 1.31 $ 2.86 $ 3.24 $ — $ — $ 3.24 Return on common equity 6% — 5% 11% 16% — — 16% Return on equity – goodwill (d) 9— 7 1 6 1 9——1 9 Return on assets 0.46 NM NM 0.81 0.87 NM NM 0.83 Overhead ratio 80% NM NM 64% 65% NM NM 62% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) The impact of credit card securitizations affects CS. See pages 39–40 of this Annual Report for further information. (c) Includes the reclassification of trading-related Net interest income to Trading revenue. See page 25 of this Annual Report fo r further information. (d) Net income applicable to common stock/Total average common equity (net of goodwill). The Firm uses return on equity less good will, a non-GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the operating per- formance of the Firm. The Firm utilizes this measure to facilitate operating comparisons to other competitors. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 27 2002 Reported Securitized Managed $ 216,364 $ 30,722 $ 247,086 733,357 26,519 759,876 Special Items The reconciliation of the Firm’s reported results to operating results in the accompanying table sets forth the impact of several special items incurred by the Firm in 2002 and 2004. These special items are excluded from Operating earnings, as management believes these items are not part of the Firm’s normal daily business operations and, therefore, are not indica- tive of trends and do not provide meaningful comparisons with other periods. These items include Merger costs, significant litigation charges, charges to conform accounting policies and other items, each of which is described below: (1) Other income in 2004 reflects $118 million of other accounting policy conformity adjustments. (2) The Provision for credit losses in 2004 reflects $858 million of accounting policy conformity adjustments, consisting of a $1.4 billion charge related to the decertification of the seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a benefit of $584 million relat- ed to conforming wholesale and consumer credit provision method- ologies for the combined Firm. (3) Merger costs of $1.4 billion in 2004 reflect costs associated with the Merger; the $1.2 billion of charges in 2002 reflect merger and restructuring costs associated with programs announced prior to January 1, 2002. (4) Significant litigation charges of $3.7 billion and $1.3 billion were taken in 2004 and 2002, respectively. (5) All Other noninterest expense in 2002 reflects a $98 million charge for excess real estate capacity related to facilities in the West Coast region of the United States. (6) Income tax expense in 2004 and 2002 of $2.3 billion and $887 mil- lion, respectively, represents the tax effect of the above items. Formula Definitions for Non-GAAP Metrics The table below reflects the formulas used to calculate both the following GAAP and non-GAAP measures: Return on common equity Reported Net income* / Average common equity Operating Operating earnings* / Average common equity Return on equity - goodwill Reported Net income* / Average common equity less goodwill Operating Operating earnings* / Average common equity less goodwill Return on assets Reported Net income / Average assets Operating Operating earnings / Average managed assets Overhead ratio Reported Total noninterest expense / Total net revenue Operating Total noninterest expense / Total net revenue * Represents earnings applicable to common stock (Table continued from previous page) 2002 Reported Credit Special Operating results card (b) items basis $ 2,763 $ — $ — $ 2,763 4,555 — — 4,555 1,674 — — 1,674 5,754 — — 5,754 817 — — 817 988 — — 988 2,307 (1,341) — 966 458 (36) — 422 19,316 (1,377) — 17,939 10,298 2,816 — 13,114 29,614 1,439 — 31,053 4,331 1,439 — 5,770 1,210 — (1,210) (3) — 1,300 — (1,300) (4) — 20,254 — (98) (5) 20,156 22,764 — (2,608) 20,156 2,519 — 2,608 5,127 856 — 887 (6) 1,743 $ 1,663 $ — $ 1,721 $ 3,384 $ 0.80 $ — $ 0.86 $ 1.66 4% — 4% 8% 5— 5 1 0 0.23 NM NM 0.45 77% NM NM 65% Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 28 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Business segment results The Firm is managed on a line-of-business basis. The business segment finan- cial results presented reflect the current organization of JPMorgan Chase. There are six major reportable business segments: the Investment Bank, Retail Financial Services, Card Services, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management, as well as a Corporate segment. The segments are based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on an operating basis. Segment results – Operating basis (a)(b) (Table continues on next page) Year ended December 31, Total net revenue Noninterest expense (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Change 2004 2003 Change Investment Bank $ 12,605 $ 12,684 (1)% $ 8,696 $ 8,302 5% Retail Financial Services 10,791 7,428 45 6,825 4,471 53 Card Services 10,745 6,144 75 3,883 2,178 78 Commercial Banking 2,374 1,352 76 1,343 822 63 Treasury & Securities Services 4,857 3,608 35 4,113 3,028 36 Asset & Wealth Management 4,179 2,970 41 3,133 2,486 26 Corporate 562 1,068 (47) 1,301 529 146 Total $ 46,113 $ 35,254 31% $ 29,294 $ 21,816 34% (a) Represents the reported results excluding the impact of credit card securitizations and, in 2004, Merger costs, the significant litigation reserve charges and accounting policy conformity adjustments related to the Merger. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflec ts the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) As a result of the Merger, new capital allocation methodologies were implemented during the third quarter of 2004. The capital allocated to each line of business considers several factors: stand- alone peer comparables, economic risk measures and regulatory capital requirements. In addition, effective with the third quarter of 2004, goodwill, as well as the associated capital, is only allocated to the Corporate line of business. Prior periods have not been revised to reflect these new methodologies and are not comparable to the presentation beginning in the third quarter of 2004. In connection with the Merger, business segment reporting was realigned to reflect the new business structure of the combined Firm. Treasury was trans- ferred from the IB into Corporate. The segment formerly known as Chase Financial Services had been comprised of Chase Home Finance, Chase Cardmember Services, Chase Auto Finance, Chase Regional Banking and Chase Middle Market; as a result of the Merger, this segment is now called Retail Financial Services and is comprised of Home Finance, Auto & Education Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Insurance. Chase Middle Market moved into Commercial Banking, and Chase Cardmember Services is now its own segment called Card Services. TSS remains unchanged. Investment Management & Private Banking has been renamed Asset & Wealth Management. JPMorgan Partners, which formerly was a stand-alone business segment, was moved into Corporate. Corporate is currently com- prised of Private Equity (JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners), Treasury, as well as corporate support areas, which include Central Technology and Operations, Internal Audit, Executive Office, Finance, General Services, Human Resources, Marketing & Communications, Office of the General Counsel, Real Estate and Business Services, Risk Management and Strategy and Development. Segment results for periods prior to July 1, 2004, reflect heritage JPMorgan Chase–only results and have been restated to reflect the current business segment organization and reporting classifications. JPMorgan Partners Asset & Wealth Management Businesses: • Treasury Services • Investor Services • Institutional Trust Services JPMorgan Chase Treasury & Securities Services Businesses: • Middle Market Banking • Corporate Banking • Commercial Real Estate • Business Credit • Equipment Leasing Commercial Banking I JPMorgan is the brand name. I Chase is the brand name. Product types: • Investment banking: - Advisory - Debt and equity underwriting • Market-making and trading: - Fixed income - Equities - Credit • Corporate lending Investment Bank Retail Financial Services Card Services Businesses: • Investment Management - Institutional - Retail • Private Banking • Private Client Services Businesses: • Credit Card • Merchant Acquiring Businesses: • Home Finance • Consumer & Small Business Banking • Auto & Education Finance • Insurance JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 29 firms were aligned to provide consistency across the business segments. In addition, expenses related to certain corporate functions, technology and operations ceased to be allocated to the business segments and are retained in Corporate. These retained expenses include parent company costs that would not be incurred if the segments were stand-alone businesses; adjustments to align certain corporate staff, technology and operations allocations with market prices; and other one-time items not aligned with the business segments. Capital allocation Each business segment is allocated capital by taking into consideration stand- alone peer comparisons, economic risk measures and regulatory capital requirements. The amount of capital assigned to each business is referred to as equity. Effective with the third quarter of 2004, new methodologies were implemented to calculate the amount of capital allocated to each segment. As part of the new methodology, goodwill, as well as the associated capital, is allocated solely to Corporate. Although U.S. GAAP requires the allocation of goodwill to the business segments for impairment testing (see Note 15 on page 109 of this Annual Report), the Firm has elected not to include goodwill or the related capital in each of the business segments for management reporting purposes. See the Capital management section on page 50 of this Annual Report for a discussion of the equity framework. Credit reimbursement TSS reimburses the IB for credit portfolio exposures the IB manages on behalf of clients the segments share. At the time of the Merger, the reimbursement methodology was revised to be based on pre-tax earnings, net of the cost of capital related to those exposures. Prior to the Merger, the credit reimburse- ment was based on pre-tax earnings, plus the allocated capital associated with the shared clients. Tax-equivalent adjustments Segment results reflect revenues on a tax-equivalent basis for segment reporting purposes. Refer to page 25 of this Annual Report for additional details. Description of business segment reporting methodology Results of the business segments are intended to reflect each segment as if it were essentially a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives these results allocates income and expense using market-based methodologies. At the time of the Merger, several of the allocation method- ologies were revised, as noted below. The changes became effective July 1, 2004. As prior periods have not been revised to reflect these new methodologies, they are not comparable to the presentation of periods begin- ning with the third quarter of 2004. Further, the Firm intends to continue to assess the assumptions, methodologies and reporting reclassifications used for segment reporting, and it is anticipated that further refinements may be implemented in future periods. Revenue sharing When business segments join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients, the participating business segments agree to share revenues from those transactions. These revenue sharing agreements were revised on the Merger date to provide consistency across the lines of businesses. Funds transfer pricing Funds transfer pricing (“FTP”) is used to allocate interest income and interest expense to each line of business and also serves to transfer interest rate risk to Corporate. While business segments may periodically retain interest rate exposures related to customer pricing or other business-specific risks, the bal- ance of the Firm’s overall interest rate risk exposure is included and managed in Corporate. In the third quarter of 2004, FTP was revised to conform the policies of the combined firms. Expense allocation Where business segments use services provided by support units within the Firm, the costs of those support units are allocated to the business segments. Those expenses are allocated based on their actual cost, or the lower of actual cost or market cost, as well as upon usage of the services provided. Effective with the third quarter of 2004, the cost allocation methodologies of the heritage Segment results – Operating basis (a)(b) (Table continued from previous page) Year ended December 31, Operating earnings Return on common equity – goodwill (c) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 Change 2004 2003 Investment Bank $ 2,948 $ 2,805 5% 17% 15% Retail Financial Services 2,199 1,547 42 24 37 Card Services 1,274 683 87 17 20 Commercial Banking 608 307 98 29 29 Treasury & Securities Services 440 422 4 17 15 Asset & Wealth Management 681 287 137 17 5 Corporate 61 668 (91) NM NM Total $ 8,211 $ 6,719 22% 16% 19% Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 30 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report revenue was $1.9 billion, $2.1 billion and $1.9 billion for 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. (c) Total net revenue includes tax-equivalent adjustments, primarily due to tax-exempt income from municipal bond investments, and income tax credits related to affordable housing invest- ments of $274 million, $117 million and $112 million for 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively. (d) TSS is charged a credit reimbursement related to certain exposures managed within the IB credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. For a further discussion, see Credit reimbursement on page 29 of this Annual Report. 2004 compared with 2003 In 2004, Operating earnings of $2.9 billion were up 5% from the prior year. Increases in Investment banking fees, a reduction in the Provision for credit losses and the impact of the Merger were partially offset by decreases in trading revenues and net interest income. Return on equity was 17%. Total net revenue of $12.6 billion was relatively flat from the prior year, primarily due to lower Fixed income markets revenues and total Credit portfolio revenues, offset by increases in Investment banking fees and the impact of the Merger. The decline in revenue from Fixed income markets was driven by weaker portfolio management trading results, mainly in the interest rate markets business. Total credit portfolio revenues were down due to lower net interest income and lending fees, primarily driven by lower loan balances; these were partially offset by higher trading revenue due to more severe credit spread tightening in 2003 relative to 2004. Investment banking fees increased by 24% over the prior year, driven by significant gains in advisory and debt underwriting. The advisory gains were a result of increased global market volumes and market share, while the higher underwriting fees were due to stronger client activity. The Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $640 million, compared with a benefit of $181 million in 2003. The improvement in the provision was the result of a $633 million decline in net charge-offs, partially offset by lower reductions in the allowance for credit losses in 2004 relative to 2003. For additional information, see Credit risk management on pages 57–69 of this Annual Report. For the year ended December 31, 2004, Noninterest expense was up 5% from the prior year. The increase from 2003 was driven by higher Compensation expense, including strategic investments and the impact of the Merger. 2003 compared with 2002 Operating earnings of $2.8 billion were up significantly over 2002. The increase in earnings was driven by a significant decline in the Provision for credit losses, coupled with strong growth in fixed income and equity markets revenues. Total net revenue was $12.7 billion, an increase of $2.0 billion from the prior year. The low interest rate environment, improvement in equity markets and volatility in credit markets produced increased client and portfolio management revenue in fixed income and equities. Market share gains in equity underwrit- ing contributed to the increase in Investment banking fees over 2002. The Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $181 million in 2003, com- pared with a cost of $2.4 billion in 2002, reflecting improvement in the over- all credit quality of the wholesale portfolio and the restructuring of several nonperforming wholesale loans. Noninterest expense increased by 6% from 2002, reflecting higher incentives related to improved financial performance and the impact of expensing stock options. Noncompensation expenses were up 10% from the prior year due to increases in technology and occupancy costs. Investment Bank JPMorgan Chase is one of the world’s leading investment banks, as evidenced by the breadth of its client relationships and product capabilities. The Investment Bank has extensive relationships with corporations, financial institutions, govern- ments and institutional investors worldwide. The Firm provides a full range of investment banking products and services, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital raising in equity and debt markets, sophisticated risk manage- ment, and market-making in cash securities and derivative instruments in all major capital markets. The Investment Bank also commits the Firm’s own capital to proprietary investing and trading activities. As a result of the Merger, the Treasury business has been transferred to the Corporate sector, and prior periods have been restated to reflect the reorganization. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Investment banking fees: Advisory $ 938 $ 640 $ 743 Equity underwriting 781 699 470 Debt underwriting 1,853 1,532 1,494 Total investment banking fees 3,572 2,871 2,707 Trading-related revenue: (b) Fixed income and other 5,008 6,016 4,607 Equities 427 556 20 Credit portfolio 6 (186) (143) Total trading-related revenue 5,441 6,386 4,484 Lending & deposit related fees 539 440 394 Asset management, administration and commissions 1,400 1,217 1,244 Other income 328 103 (125) Noninterest revenue 11,280 11,017 8,704 Net interest income (b) 1,325 1,667 1,978 Total net revenue (c) 12,605 12,684 10,682 Provision for credit losses (640) (181) 2,392 Credit reimbursement from (to) TSS (d) 90 (36) (82) Noninterest expense Compensation expense 4,893 4,462 4,298 Noncompensation expense 3,803 3,840 3,500 Total noninterest expense 8,696 8,302 7,798 Operating earnings before income tax expense 4,639 4,527 410 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,691 1,722 (3) Operating earnings $ 2,948 $ 2,805 $ 413 Financial ratios ROE 17% 15% 2% ROA 0.62 0.64 0.10 Overhead ratio 69 65 73 Compensation expense as % of total net revenue 39 35 40 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Trading revenue, on a reported basis, excludes the impact of Net interest income related to IB’s trading activities; this income is recorded in Net interest income. However, in this presen- tation, to assess the profitability of IB’s trading business, the Firm combines these revenues for segment reporting purposes. The amount reclassified from Net interest income to Trading The amount of adjusted assets is presented to assist the reader in comparing the IB’s asset and capital levels to other investment banks in the securities industry. Asset-to-equity lever- age ratios are commonly used as one measure to assess a company’s capital adequacy. The IB believes an adjusted asset amount, which excludes certain assets considered to have a low risk profile, provides a more meaningful measure of balance sheet leverage in the securi- ties industry. See Capital management on pages 50–52 of this Annual Report for a discus- sion of the Firm’s overall capital adequacy and capital management. (d) Nonperforming loans include loans held for sale of $2 million, $30 million and $16 million as of December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. These amounts are not included in the allowance coverage ratios. (e) Nonperforming loans exclude loans held for sale of $351 million, $22 million and $2 million as of December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively, that were purchased as part of the IB’s proprietary investing activities. (f) Includes all mark-to-market trading activities, plus available-for-sale securities held for IB investing purposes. (g) Includes VAR on derivative credit valuation adjustments, credit valuation adjustment hedges and mark-to-market loan hedges, which are reported in Trading revenue. This VAR does not include the accrual loan portfolio, which is not marked to market. NA-Data for 2002 is not available on a comparable basis. According to Thomson Financial, in 2004, the Firm improved its ranking in U.S. announced M&A from #8 to #1, and Global announced M&A from #4 to #2, while increasing its market share significantly. The Firm’s U.S. initial public offerings ranking improved from #16 to #4, with the Firm moving to #6 from #4 in the U.S. Equity & Equity-related category. The Firm maintained its #1 ranking in U.S. syndicated loans, with a 32% market share, and its #3 position in Global Debt, Equity and Equity-related. Market shares and rankings(a) 2004 2003 2002 Market Market Market December 31, Share Rankings Share Rankings Share Rankings Global debt, equity and equity-related 7% # 3 8% # 3 8% #3 Global syndicated loans 20 # 1 20 # 1 26 #1 Global long-term debt 7# 2 8# 2 8 # 2 Global equity and equity-related 6# 6 8# 4 4 # 8 Global announced M&A 26 # 2 16 # 4 14 #5 U.S. debt, equity and equity-related 8# 5 9# 3 1 0 # 2 U.S. syndicated loans 32 # 1 35 # 1 39 #1 U.S. long-term debt 12 # 2 10 # 3 13 #2 U.S. equity and equity-related 8# 6 11 # 4 6 #6 U.S. announced M&A 33 # 1 13 # 8 14 #7 (a) Sourced from Thomson Financial Securities data. Global announced M&A is based on rank value; all other rankings are based on proceeds, with full credit to each book manager/equal if joint. Because of joint assignments, market share of all participants will add up to more than 100%. Market share and rankings are presented on a combined basis for all periods presented, reflecting the merger of JPMorgan Chase and Bank One. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 31 Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue by business Investment banking fees $ 3,572 $ 2,871 $ 2,707 Fixed income markets 6,314 6,987 5,450 Equities markets 1,491 1,406 1,018 Credit portfolio 1,228 1,420 1,507 Total net revenue $ 12,605 $ 12,684 $ 10,682 Revenue by region Americas $ 6,870 $ 7,250 $ 6,360 Europe/Middle East/Africa 4,082 4,331 3,215 Asia/Pacific 1,653 1,103 1,107 Total net revenue $ 12,605 $ 12,684 $ 10,682 Selected balance sheet (average) Total assets $ 473,121 $ 436,488 $ 429,866 Trading assets–debt and equity instruments 173,086 156,408 134,191 Trading assets–derivatives receivables 58,735 83,361 70,831 Loans(b) 42,618 45,037 55,998 Adjusted assets (c) 393,646 370,776 359,324 Equity 17,290 18,350 19,134 Headcount 17,478 14,691 15,012 Credit data and quality statistics Net charge-offs $4 7 $ 680 $ 1,627 Nonperforming assets: Nonperforming loans (d)(e) 954 1,708 3,328 Other nonperforming assets 242 370 408 Allowance for loan losses 1,547 1,055 1,878 Allowance for lending related commitments 305 242 324 Net charge-off rate (b) 0.13% 1.65% 3.15% Allowance for loan losses to average loans(b) 4.27 2.56 3.64 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans (d) 163 63 57 Nonperforming loans to average loans 2.24 3.79 5.94 Market risk–average trading and credit portfolio VAR Trading activities: Fixed income (f) $7 4 $6 1 N A Foreign exchange 17 17 NA Equities 28 18 NA Commodities and other 9 8N A Diversification (43) (39) NA Total trading VAR 85 65 NA Credit portfolio VAR (g) 14 18 NA Diversification (9) (14) NA Total trading and credit portfolio VAR $9 0 $6 9 N A (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) The year-to-date average loans held for sale are $6.4 billion, $3.8 billion and $4.3 billion for 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. These amounts are not included in the allowance coverage ratios and net charge-off rates. The 2002 net charge-offs and net charge-off rate exclude charge-offs of $212 million taken on lending-related commitments. (c) Adjusted assets equals total average assets minus (1) securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed less securities sold, not yet purchased; (2) assets of variable interest entities (VIEs) consolidated under FIN 46R; (3) cash and securities segre- gated and on deposit for regulatory and other purposes; and (4) goodwill and intangibles. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 32 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Composition of revenue Asset Year ended Trading- Lending & management, December 31, (a) Investment related deposit administration Other Total net (in millions) banking fees revenue related fees and commissions income NII revenue 2004 Investment banking fees $ 3,572 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 3,572 Fixed income markets — 5,008 191 287 304 524 6,314 Equities markets — 427 — 1,076 (95) 83 1,491 Credit portfolio — 6 348 37 119 718 1,228 Total $ 3,572 $ 5,441 $ 539 $ 1,400 $ 328 $ 1,325 $ 12,605 2003 Investment banking fees $ 2,871 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 2,871 Fixed income markets — 6,016 107 331 84 449 6,987 Equities markets — 556 — 851 (85) 84 1,406 Credit portfolio — (186) 333 35 104 1,134 1,420 Total $ 2,871 $ 6,386 $ 440 $ 1,217 $ 103 $ 1,667 $ 12,684 2002 Investment banking fees $ 2,707 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 2,707 Fixed income markets — 4,607 75 295 (20) 493 5,450 Equities markets — 20 — 911 (53) 140 1,018 Credit portfolio — (143) 319 38 (52) 1,345 1,507 Total $ 2,707 $ 4,484 $ 394 $ 1,244 $ (125) $ 1,978 $ 10,682 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. IB’s revenues are comprised of the following: Investment banking fees includes advisory, equity underwriting, bond underwriting and loan syndication fees. Fixed income markets includes client and portfolio management revenue related to both market-making and proprietary risk-taking across global fixed income markets, including government and corporate debt, foreign exchange, interest rate and commodities markets. Equities markets includes client and portfolio management revenue related to market-making and proprietary risk-taking across global equity prod ucts, including cash instruments, derivatives and convertibles. Credit portfolio revenue includes Net interest income, fees and loan sale activity for IB’s credit portfolio. Credit portfolio revenue also includes gains or losses on securities received as part of a loan restructuring, and changes in the credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”), which is the comp onent of the fair value of a derivative that reflects the credit quality of the counterparty. See page 63 of the Credit risk management section of this Annua l Report for a further discussion of the CVA. Credit portfolio revenue also includes the results of risk management related to the Firm’s lending and derivative a ctivities. See pages 64–65 of the Credit risk management section of this Annual Report for a further discussion on credit derivatives. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 33 Retail Financial Services RFS includes Home Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking, Auto & Education Finance and Insurance. Through this group of businesses, the Firm provides consumers and small businesses with a broad range of financial products and services including deposits, investments, loans and insurance. Home Finance is a leading provider of consumer real estate loan products and is one of the largest originators and servicers of home mortgages. Consumer & Small Business Banking offers one of the largest branch networks in the United States, covering 17 states with 2,508 branches and 6,650 automated teller machines (“ATMs”). Auto & Education Finance is the largest bank originator of automobile loans as well as a top provider of loans for college students. Through its Insurance operations, the Firm sells and underwrites an extensive range of financial protection products and investment alternatives, including life insurance, annuities and debt protection products. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Lending & deposit related fees $ 1,013 $ 486 $ 509 Asset management, administration and commissions 849 357 368 Securities/private equity gains (losses) (83) 381 493 Mortgage fees and related income 1,037 905 982 Credit card income 230 107 91 Other income 31 (28) 82 Noninterest revenue 3,077 2,208 2,525 Net interest income 7,714 5,220 3,823 Total net revenue 10,791 7,428 6,348 Provision for credit losses 449 521 334 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 2,621 1,695 1,496 Noncompensation expense 3,937 2,773 2,234 Amortization of intangibles 267 33 Total noninterest expense 6,825 4,471 3,733 Operating earnings before income tax expense 3,517 2,436 2,281 Income tax expense 1,318 889 849 Operating earnings $ 2,199 $ 1,547 $ 1,432 Financial ratios ROE 24% 37% 37% ROA 1.18 1.05 1.25 Overhead ratio 63 60 59 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $2.2 billion, up from $1.5 billion a year ago. The increase was largely due to the Merger. Excluding the benefit of the Merger, earnings declined as lower MSR risk management results and reduced prime mortgage production revenue offset the benefits of growth in loan bal- ances, wider spreads on deposit products and improvement in credit costs. Total net revenue increased to $10.8 billion, up 45% from the prior year. Net interest income increased by 48% to $7.7 billion, primarily due to the Merger, growth in retained loan balances and wider spreads on deposit products. Noninterest revenue increased to $3.1 billion, up 39%, due to the Merger and higher mortgage servicing income. Both components of total revenue included declines associated with risk managing the MSR asset and lower prime mortgage originations. The Provision for credit losses was down 14% to $449 million, despite the influence of the Merger. The effect of the Merger was offset by a reduction in the allowance for loan losses, resulting from the sale of the manufactured home loan portfolio, and continued positive credit quality trends in the con- sumer lending businesses. Noninterest expense totaled $6.8 billion, up 53% from the prior year, primarily due to the Merger and continued investments to expand the branch network. Partially offsetting the increase were merger-related expense savings in all businesses. 2003 compared with 2002 Total net revenue was $7.4 billion in 2003, an increase of 17% over 2002. Net interest income increased by 37% to $5.2 billion, reflecting the positive impact of the low interest rate environment on consumer loan originations, particularly in Home Finance, and on spreads earned on retained loans. The Provision for credit losses of $521 million increased by 56% compared with the prior year due to continued growth in the retained loan portfolios. Credit quality remained stable in 2003, as charge-offs decreased slightly, to $381 million. Noninterest expense rose 20% to $4.5 billion. The increase reflected higher business volumes and compensation costs. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 34 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Selected income statement data by business Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Prime production and servicing Production $ 728 $ 1,339 $ 1,052 Servicing: Mortgage servicing revenue, net of amortization 651 453 486 MSR risk management results 113 784 670 Total net revenue 1,492 2,576 2,208 Noninterest expense 1,115 1,124 921 Operating earnings 240 918 821 Consumer real estate lending Total net revenue 2,376 1,473 712 Provision for credit losses 74 240 191 Noninterest expense 922 606 417 Operating earnings 881 414 81 Total Home Finance Total net revenue 3,868 4,049 2,920 Provision for credit losses 74 240 191 Noninterest expense 2,037 1,730 1,338 Operating earnings 1,121 1,332 902 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings in the Prime Production & Servicing segment dropped to $240 million from $918 million in the prior year. Results reflected a decrease in prime mortgage production revenue, to $728 million from $1.3 billion, due to a decline in mortgage originations. Operating earnings were also impacted by a drop in MSR risk management revenue, to $113 million from $784 million in the prior year. Results in 2004 included realized losses of $89 million on the sale of AFS securities associated with risk management of the MSR asset, compared with securities gains of $359 million in the prior year. Noninterest expense was relatively flat at $1.1 billion. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Selected balance sheet (ending) Total assets $ 226,560 $ 139,316 NA Loans(b) 202,473 121,921 NA Core deposits (c) 157,256 75,850 NA Total deposits 182,765 86,162 NA Selected balance sheet (average) Total assets $ 185,928 $ 147,435 $114,248 Loans(d) 162,768 120,750 93,125 Core deposits (c) 121,121 80,116 68,551 Total deposits 137,796 89,793 79,348 Equity 9,092 4,220 3,907 Headcount 59,632 32,278 29,096 Credit data and quality statistics Net charge-offs (e) $ 990 $ 381 $ 382 Nonperforming loans (f) 1,161 569 554 Nonperforming assets 1,385 775 730 Allowance for loan losses 1,228 1,094 955 Net charge-off rate 0.67% 0.40% 0.48% Allowance for loan losses to ending loans (b) 0.67 1.04 NA Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans (f) 107 209 181 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.57 0.47 NA (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) End-of-period loans include loans held for sale of $18,022 million, $17,105 million and $19,948 million at December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Those amounts are not included in the allowance coverage ratios. (c) Includes demand and savings deposits. (d) Average loans include loans held for sale of $14,736 million, $25,293 million and $13,500 million for 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. These amounts are not included in the net charge-off rate. (e) Includes $406 million of charge-offs related to the manufactured home loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2004. (f) Nonperforming loans include loans held for sale of $13 million, $45 million and $25 million at December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. These amounts are not included in the allowance coverage ratios. NA – Data for 2002 is not available on a comparable basis. Home Finance Home Finance is comprised of two key business segments: Prime Production & Servicing and Consumer Real Estate Lending. The Prime Production & Servicing segment includes the operating results associated with the origination, sale and servicing of prime mortgages. Consumer Real Estate Lending reflects the operating results of consumer loans that are secured by real estate, retained by the Firm and held in the portfolio. This portfolio includes prime and subprime first mortgages, home equity lines and loans, and manufactured home loans. The Firm stopped originating manufactured home loans early in 2004 and sold substantially all of its remaining portfolio at the end of the year. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 35 Operating earnings for the Consumer Real Estate Lending segment more than doubled to $881 million from $414 million in the prior year. The increase was largely due to the addition of the Bank One home equity lending business but also reflected growth in retained loan balances and a $95 million net benefit associated with the sale of the $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio; partially offsetting these increases were lower subprime mortgage securitiza- tion gains. These factors contributed to total net revenue rising 61% to $2.4 billion. The provision for credit losses, at $74 million, decreased by 69% from a year ago. This was the result of an $87 million reduction in the allowance for loan losses associated with the manufactured home loan port- folio sale, improved credit quality and lower delinquencies, partially offset by the Merger. Noninterest expense totaled $922 million, up 52% from the year- ago period, largely due to the Merger. 2003 compared with 2002 Home Finance achieved record financial performance in 2003, as operating earnings of $1.3 billion increased by 48% from 2002. Total net revenue of $4.0 billion increased by 39% over 2002, given record production revenue, improved margins and higher home equity revenue. The provision for credit losses of $240 million for 2003 increased by 26% over 2002, primarily due to higher retained loan balances. Credit quality con- tinued to be strong relative to 2002, as evidenced by a lower net charge-off ratio and reduced delinquencies. Noninterest expense of $1.7 billion increased by 29% from 2002, primarily a result of growth in origination volume. The increase in expenses was also a result of higher performance-related incentives and strategic investments made to further expand certain distribution channels. These were partially offset by production-related expense reduction efforts initiated in the fourth quarter of 2003. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2004 2003 2002 Origination volume by channel (in billions) Retail $ 74.2 $ 90.8 $ 56.3 Wholesale 48.5 65.6 36.2 Correspondent 22.8 44.5 20.6 Correspondent negotiated transactions 41.5 83.3 42.6 Total 187.0 284.2 155.7 Origination volume by business (in billions) Mortgage $ 144.6 $ 259.5 $ 141.8 Home equity 42.4 24.7 13.9 Total 187.0 284.2 155.7 Business metrics (in billions) Loans serviced (ending) $ 562.0 $ 470.0 $ 426.0 MSR net carrying value (ending) 5.1 4.8 3.2 End of period loans owned Mortgage loans held for sale 14.2 15.9 18.8 Mortgage loans retained 42.6 34.5 26.9 Home equity and other loans 67.9 24.1 18.5 Total end of period loans owned 124.7 74.5 64.2 Average loans owned Mortgage loans held for sale 12.1 23.5 12.0 Mortgage loans retained 40.7 32.0 27.7 Home equity and other loans 47.0 19.4 17.2 Total average loans owned 99.8 74.9 56.9 Overhead ratio 53% 43% 46% Credit quality statistics 30+ day delinquency rate 1.27% 1.81% 3.07% Net charge-offs Mortgage $1 9 $2 6 $5 0 Home equity and other loans (b) 554 109 93 Total net charge-offs 573 135 143 Net charge-off rate Mortgage 0.05% 0.08% 0.18% Home equity and other loans 1.18 0.56 0.53 Total net charge-off rate (c) 0.65 0.26 0.32 Nonperforming assets $ 844 $ 546 $ 518 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes $406 million of charge-offs related to the manufactured home loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2004. (c) Excludes mortgage loans held for sale. Home Finance’s origination channels are comprised of the following: Retail – A mortgage banker employed by the Firm directly contacts borrowers who are buying or refinancing a home through a branch offi ce, through the Internet or by phone. Borrowers are frequently referred to a mortgage banker by real estate brokers, home builders or other third parties. Wholesale – A third-party mortgage broker refers loans to a mortgage banker at the Firm. Brokers are independent loan originators that spe cialize in finding and counseling borrowers but do not provide funding for loans. Correspondent – Banks, thrifts, other mortgage banks and other financial institutions sell closed loans to the Firm. Correspondent negotiated transactions (“CNT”) – Mid- to large-sized mortgage lenders, banks and bank-owned mortgage companies sell servicing to the Firm on an as-originated basis. These transactions supplement traditional production channels and provide growth opportuniti es in the servicing portfolio in stable and rising-rate periods. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 36 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The following table details the MSR risk management results in the Home Finance business: MSR risk management results Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Reported amounts: MSR valuation adjustments (b) $ (248) $ (253) $ (4,040) Derivative valuation adjustments and other risk management gains (losses) (c) 361 1,037 4,710 MSR risk management results $ 113 $ 784 $ 670 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Excludes subprime loan MSR activity of $(2) million and $(13) million in 2004 and 2002, respectively. There was no subprime loan MSR activity in 2003. (c) Includes gains, losses and interest income associated with derivatives both designated and not designated as a SFAS 133 hedge, and securities classified as both trading and available-for-sale. Home Finance uses a combination of derivatives, AFS securities and trading securities to manage changes in the fair value of the MSR asset. These risk management activities are intended to protect the economic value of the MSR asset by providing offsetting changes in the fair value of related risk management instruments. The type and amount of hedging instruments used in this risk management activity change over time as market conditions and approach dictate. During 2004, negative MSR valuation adjustments of $248 million were more than offset by $361 million of aggregate risk management gains, including net interest earned on AFS securities. In 2003, negative MSR valuation adjust- ments of $253 million were more than offset by $1.0 billion of aggregate risk management gains, including net interest earned on AFS securities. Unrealized gains/(losses) on AFS securities were $(3) million, $(144) million and $377 mil- lion at December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. For a further discussion of MSRs, see Critical accounting estimates on page 79 and Note 15 on pages 109–111 of this Annual Report. Consumer & Small Business Banking Consumer & Small Business Banking offers a full array of financial services through a branch network spanning 17 states as well as through the Internet. Product offerings include checking and savings accounts, mutual funds and annuities, credit cards, mortgages and home equity loans, and loans for small business customers (generally with annual sales less than $10 million). This segment also includes community development loans. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Total net revenue $ 5,385 $ 2,422 $ 2,648 Provision for credit losses 165 76 (31) Noninterest expense 3,981 2,358 2,055 Operating earnings 760 (4) 361 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings totaled $760 million, up from a loss of $4 million in the prior-year period. The increase was largely due to the Merger but also reflected wider spreads on deposits and lower expenses. These benefits were partially offset by a higher Provision for credit losses. Total net revenue was $5.4 billion, compared with $2.4 billion in the prior year. While the increase is primarily attributable to the Merger, total net revenue also benefited from wider spreads on deposits. The Provision for credit losses increased to $165 million from $76 million in the prior year. The increase was in part due to the Merger but also reflected an increase in the Allowance for credit losses to cover high-risk portfolio segments. The increase in noninterest expense to $4.0 billion was largely attributable to the Merger. Incremental expense from investments in the branch distribution network was also a contributing factor. 2003 compared with 2002 Total net revenue of $2.4 billion decreased by 9% compared with 2002. Net interest income declined by 10% to $1.6 billion, primarily due to the low–interest rate environment. Noninterest revenue decreased by 5% to $828 million given lower deposit fee income, decreased debit card fees and one-time gains in 2002. Noninterest expense of $2.4 billion increased by 15% from 2002. The increase was largely due to investments in technology within the branch network and higher compensation expenses related to increased staff levels. The Provision for credit losses of $76 million increased by $107 million compared with 2002. This reflected a reduction in the allowance for loan losses in 2002. The table below reconciles management’s disclosure of Home Finance’s revenue into the reported U.S. GAAP line items shown on the Consolidated statement of income and in the related Notes to Consolidated financial statements: Year ended December 31, (a) Prime production and servicing Consumer real estate lending Total revenue (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 Net interest income $ 700 $ 1,556 $ 727 $ 2,245 $ 1,226 $ 712 $ 2,945 $ 2,782 $ 1,439 Securities / private equity gains (losses) (89) 359 498 — —— (89) 359 498 Mortgage fees and related income (b) 881 661 983 131 247 — 1,012 908 983 Total $ 1,492 $ 2,576 $ 2,208 $ 2,376 $ 1,473 $ 712 $ 3,868 $ 4,049 $ 2,920 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes activity reported elsewhere as Other income. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 37 Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2004 2003 2002 Business metrics (in billions) End-of-period balances Small business loans $ 12.5 $ 2.2 NA Consumer and other loans (b) 2.2 2.0 NA Total loans 14.7 4.2 NA Core deposits (c) 146.7 66.4 NA Total deposits 172.2 76.7 NA Average balances Small business loans $ 7.3 $ 2.1 $ 1.9 Consumer and other loans (b) 2.1 2.0 2.6 Total loans 9.4 4.1 4.5 Core deposits (c) 110.0 64.8 57.9 Total deposits 126.6 74.4 68.7 Number of: Branches 2,508 561 560 ATMs 6,650 1,931 1,876 Personal bankers 5,324 1,820 1,587 Personal checking accounts (in thousands) 7,286 1,984 2,037 Business checking accounts (in thousands) 894 347 345 Online customers (in thousands) 6,587 NA NA Debit cards issued (in thousands) 8,392 2,380 2,352 Overhead ratio 74% 97% 78% Retail brokerage business metrics Investment sales volume $7,324 $ 3,579 NA Number of dedicated investment sales representatives 1,364 349 291 Credit quality statistics Net charge-offs Small business $7 7 $3 5 $ 2 4 Consumer and other loans 77 40 51 Total net charge-offs 154 75 75 Net charge-off rate Small business 1.05% 1.67% 1.26% Consumer and other loans 3.67 2.00 1.96 Total net charge-off rate 1.64 1.83 1.67 Nonperforming assets $ 299 $7 2 $ 9 4 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Primarily community development loans. (c) Includes demand and savings deposits. NA-Data is not available on a comparable basis. Auto & Education Finance Auto & Education Finance provides automobile loans and leases to consumers and loans to commercial clients, primarily through a national network of automotive dealers. The segment also offers loans to students via colleges and universities across the United States. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Total net revenue $ 1,145 $ 842 $ 683 Provision for credit losses 210 205 174 Noninterest expense 490 291 247 Operating earnings 270 206 166 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings totaled $270 million, up 31% from the prior year. While the increase was reflective of the Merger, performance for the year was mod- erated by narrower spreads and reduced origination volumes arising from a competitive operating environment. Total net revenue increased by 36% to $1.1 billion from the prior year. This increase reflected the Merger but included a decline in net interest income, given the competitive operating environment in 2004 and incremental charges associated with the Firm’s lease residual exposure. The Provision for credit losses totaled $210 million, up 2% from the prior year. The increase was due to the Merger but was largely offset by a lower provision for credit losses, reflecting favorable credit trends. Noninterest expense increased by 68% to $490 million, largely due to the Merger. The following is a brief description of selected business metrics within Consumer & Small Business Banking. • Personal bankers – Retail branch office personnel who acquire, retain and expand new and existing customer relationships by assessing customer need s and recommending and selling appropriate banking products and services. • Investment sales representatives – Licensed retail branch sales personnel, assigned to support several branches, who assist with the sale of investment products including college planning accounts, mutual funds, annuities and retirement accounts. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 38 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 2003 compared with 2002 In 2003, operating earnings were $206 million, 24% higher than in 2002. Total net revenue grew by 23% to $842 million. Net interest income grew by 33% in comparison to 2002, driven by higher average loans and leases out- standing and wider spreads. The Provision for credit losses increased by 18% to $205 million, primarily reflecting a 32% increase in average loan and lease receivables. Credit quality continued to be strong relative to 2002, as evidenced by a lower net charge- off ratio and a reduced delinquency rate. Noninterest expense of $291 million increased by 18% compared with 2002. The increase in expenses was driven by higher origination volume and higher performance-based incentives. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2004 2003 2002 Business metrics (in billions) End of period loans and lease receivables Loans receivables $ 54.6 $ 33.7 $ 28.0 Lease receivables 8.0 9.5 9.4 Total end-of-period loans and lease receivables 62.6 43.2 37.4 Average loans and lease receivables Loans outstanding (average) (b) $ 44.3 $ 32.0 $ 23.3 Lease receivables (average) 9.0 9.7 8.4 Total average loans and lease receivables (b) 53.3 41.7 31.7 Overhead ratio 43% 35% 36% Credit quality statistics 30+ day delinquency rate 1.55% 1.42% 1.49% Net charge-offs Loans $ 219 $ 130 $ 126 Lease receivables 44 41 38 Total net charge-offs 263 171 164 Net charge off rate Loans(b) 0.52% 0.43% 0.58% Lease receivables 0.49 0.42 0.45 Total net charge-off rate (b) 0.52 0.43 0.54 Nonperforming assets $ 242 $ 157 $ 118 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Average loans include loans held for sale of $2.3 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.5 billion for, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. These are not included in the net charge-off rate. Insurance Insurance is a provider of financial protection products and services, including life insurance, annuities and debt protection. Products and services are distrib- uted through both internal lines of business and external markets. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Total net revenue $3 9 3 $1 1 5 $ 9 7 Noninterest expense 317 92 93 Operating earnings 48 13 3 Memo: Consolidated gross insurance-related revenue (b) 1,191 611 536 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes revenue reported in the results of other businesses. 2004 compared with 2003 Insurance operating earnings totaled $48 million on total net revenue of $393 million in 2004. The increases in total net revenue and noninterest expense over the prior year were almost entirely due to the Merger. 2003 compared with 2002 Operating earnings in 2003 reflected a 19% increase in Total net revenue, while expenses were essentially flat. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2004 2003 2002 Business metrics – ending balances Invested assets $ 7,368 $ 1,559 $ 919 Policy loans 397 —— Insurance policy and claims reserves 7,279 1,096 535 Term premiums – first year annualized 28 —— Proprietary annuity sales 208 548 490 Number of policies in force – direct/assumed (in thousands) 2,611 631 NA Insurance in force – direct/assumed $ 277,827 $ 31,992 NA Insurance in force – retained 80,691 31,992 NA A.M. Best rating A AA (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. NA-Data for 2002 is not available on a comparable basis. The following is a brief description of selected business metrics within Insurance. • Proprietary annuity sales represent annuity contracts marketed through and issued by subsidiaries of the Firm. • Insurance in force – direct/assumed includes the aggregate face amount of insurance policies directly underwritten and assumed through reinsurance. • Insurance in force – retained includes the aggregate face amounts of insurance policies directly underwritten and assumed through reinsurance, after reduction for face amounts ceded to reinsurers. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 39 Card Services Card Services is the largest issuer of general purpose credit cards in the United States, with approximately 94 million cards in circulation, and is the largest merchant acquirer. CS offers a wide variety of products to satisfy the needs of its cardmembers, including cards issued on behalf of many well-known partners, such as major airlines, hotels, universities, retailers and other financial institutions. JPMorgan Chase uses the concept of “managed receivables” to evaluate the credit performance of the underlying credit card loans, both sold and not sold: as the same borrower is continuing to use the credit card for ongoing charges, a borrower’s credit performance will affect both the receivables sold under SFAS 140 and those not sold. Thus, in its disclosures regarding managed receivables, JPMorgan Chase treats the sold receivables as if they were still on the balance sheet in order to disclose the credit performance (such as net charge-off rates) of the entire managed credit card portfolio. Operating results exclude the impact of credit card securitizations on revenue, the provision for credit losses, net charge-offs and receivables. Securitization does not change reported net income versus operating earnings; however, it does affect the classification of items on the Consolidated statements of income. Selected income statement data – managed basis Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Asset management, administration and commissions $7 5 $ 108 $ 126 Credit card income 2,179 930 826 Other income 117 54 31 Noninterest revenue 2,371 1,092 983 Net interest income 8,374 5,052 4,930 Total net revenue 10,745 6,144 5,913 Provision for credit losses 4,851 2,904 2,751 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 893 582 523 Noncompensation expense 2,485 1,336 1,320 Amortization of intangibles 505 260 286 Total noninterest expense 3,883 2,178 2,129 Operating earnings before income tax expense 2,011 1,062 1,033 Income tax expense 737 379 369 Operating earnings $ 1,274 $ 683 $ 664 Financial metrics ROE 17% 20% 19% Overhead ratio 36 35 36 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings of $1.3 billion increased by $591 million compared with the prior year, primarily due to the Merger. In addition, earnings benefited from higher loan balances and charge volume, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses and higher expenses. Total net revenue of $10.7 billion increased by $4.6 billion. Net interest income of $8.4 billion increased by $3.3 billion, primarily due to the Merger and higher loan balances. Noninterest revenue of $2.4 billion increased by $1.3 billion, primarily due to the Merger and higher charge volume, which generated increased interchange income. This was partially offset by higher volume-driven payments to partners, reflecting the sharing of income and increased rewards expense. The Provision for credit losses of $4.9 billion increased by $1.9 billion, prima- rily due to the Merger and growth in credit card receivables. Credit ratios remained strong, benefiting from reduced contractual and bankruptcy charge-offs. The net charge-off ratio was 5.27%. The 30-day delinquency ratio was 3.70%. Noninterest expense of $3.9 billion increased by $1.7 billion, primarily related to the Merger. In addition, expenses increased due to higher marketing expenses and volume-based processing expenses, partially offset by lower compensation expenses. 2003 compared with 2002 Operating earnings of $683 million increased by $19 million or 3% compared with the prior year. Earnings benefited from higher revenue, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses and expenses. Total net revenue of $6.1 billion increased by 4%. Net interest income of $5.1 billion increased by 2% due to higher spread and loan balances. Noninterest revenue of $1.1 billion increased by 11% due to higher charge volume, which generated increased interchange income. This was partially offset by higher rewards expense. The Provision for credit losses was $2.9 billion, an increase of 6%, primarily due to the higher provision for credit losses and higher losses due to loan growth. Conservative risk management and rigorous collection practices contributed to stable credit quality. Noninterest expense was $2.2 billion, an increase of 2%, due to volume- based processing expenses, partially offset by disciplined expense management. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 40 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount, ratios and where otherwise noted) 2004 2003 2002 Memo: Net securitization gains (amortization) $ (8) $1 $ 1 6 % of average managed outstandings: Net interest income 9.16% 9.95% 10.08% Provision for credit losses 5.31 5.72 5.62 Noninterest revenue 2.59 2.15 2.01 Risk adjusted margin (b) 6.45 6.38 6.46 Noninterest expense 4.25 4.29 4.35 Pre-tax income 2.20 2.09 2.11 Operating earnings 1.39 1.35 1.36 Business metrics Charge volume (in billions) $ 193.6 $ 88.2 $ 79.0 Net accounts opened (in thousands) 7,523 4,177 3,680 Credit cards issued (in thousands) 94,285 35,103 33,488 Number of registered internet customers (in millions) 13.6 3.7 2.2 Merchant acquiring business Bank card volume (in billions) $ 396.2 $ 261.2 $ 226.1 Total transactions (in millions) 12,066 7,154 6,509 Selected ending balances Loans: Loans on balance sheet $ 64,575 $ 17,426 $ 20,101 Securitized loans 70,795 34,856 30,722 Managed loans $135,370 $ 52,282 $ 50,823 Selected average balances Managed assets $ 94,741 $ 51,406 $ 49,648 Loans: Loans on balance sheet $ 38,842 $ 17,604 $ 22,410 Securitized loans 52,590 33,169 26,519 Managed loans $ 91,432 $ 50,773 $ 48,929 Equity 7,608 3,440 3,444 Headcount 19,598 10,612 10,885 Credit quality statistics – managed Net charge-offs $ 4,821 $ 2,996 $ 2,887 Net charge-off rate 5.27% 5.90% 5.90% Delinquency ratios – managed 30+ days 3.70% 4.68% 4.69% 90+ days 1.72 2.19 2.16 Allowance for loan losses $ 2,994 $ 1,225 $ 1,459 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans 4.64% 7.03% 7.26% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents Total net revenue less Provision for credit losses. The financial information presented below reconciles reported basis and man- aged basis to disclose the effect of securitizations. Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Income statement data Credit card income Reported data for the period $ 4,446 $ 2,309 $ 2,167 Securitization adjustments (2,267) (1,379) (1,341) Managed credit card income $ 2,179 $ 930 $ 826 Other income Reported data for the period $ 203 $ 125 $ 67 Securitization adjustments (86) (71) (36) Managed other income $ 117 $5 4 $3 1 Net interest income Reported data for the period $ 3,123 $ 1,732 $ 2,114 Securitization adjustments 5,251 3,320 2,816 Managed net interest income $ 8,374 $ 5,052 $ 4,930 Total net revenue (b) Reported data for the period $ 7,847 $ 4,274 $ 4,474 Securitization adjustments 2,898 1,870 1,439 Managed total net revenue $ 10,745 $ 6,144 $ 5,913 Provision for credit losses Reported data for the period $ 1,953 $ 1,034 $ 1,312 Securitization adjustments 2,898 1,870 1,439 Managed provision for credit losses $ 4,851 $ 2,904 $ 2,751 Balance sheet – average balances Total average assets Reported data for the period $ 43,657 $ 19,041 $ 23,129 Securitization adjustments 51,084 32,365 26,519 Managed average assets $ 94,741 $ 51,406 $ 49,648 Credit quality statistics Net charge-offs Reported net charge-offs data for the period $ 1,923 $ 1,126 $ 1,448 Securitization adjustments 2,898 1,870 1,439 Managed net charge-offs $ 4,821 $ 2,996 $ 2,887 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes Credit card income, Other income and Net interest income. The following is a brief description of selected business metrics within Card Services. • Charge volume – Represents the dollar amount of cardmember purchases, balance transfers and cash advance activity. • Net accounts opened – Includes originations, purchases and sales. • Merchant acquiring business – Represents an entity that processes payments for merchants. JPMorgan Chase is a majority owner of Paymentech, Inc. and a 50% owner of Chase Merchant Services. • Bank card volume – Represents the dollar amount of transactions processed for the merchants. • Total transactions – Represents the number of transactions and authorizations processed for the merchants. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 41 Commercial Banking Commercial Banking serves more than 25,000 corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and not-for-profit entities, with annual revenues generally ranging from $10 million to $2 billion. A local market presence and a strong customer service model, coupled with a focus on risk management, provide a solid infrastructure for Commercial Banking to provide the Firm’s complete product set – lending, treasury services, investment banking and investment management – for both corporate clients and their executives. Commercial Banking’s clients benefit greatly from the Firm’s extensive branch network and often use the Firm exclusively to meet their financial services needs. Commercial Banking operates in 10 of the top 15 major U.S. metropolitan areas. Within this network, Commercial Banking is divided into three cus- tomer coverage segments. General coverage for corporate clients is done by Middle Market Banking, which generally covers clients up to $500 million, and Corporate Banking, which generally covers clients over $500 million. Corporate Banking typically focuses on clients that have broader investment banking needs. The third segment, Commercial Real Estate, serves investors in and developers of for-sale housing, multifamily rental, retail, office and indus- trial properties. In addition to these three customer groupings, Commercial Banking offers several products to the Firm’s entire customer base. Chase Business Credit is a leading national provider of highly structured asset-based financing, syndications and collateral analysis. Chase Equipment Leasing finances a variety of equipment types and offers vendor programs for leading capital and technology equipment manufacturers. Given this structure, Commercial Banking manages a customer base and loan portfolio that is highly diversified across a broad range of industries and geographic locations. Commercial Banking was known prior to the Merger as Chase Middle Market and was a business within the former Chase Financial Services. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Lending & deposit related fees $ 441 $ 301 $ 285 Asset management, administration and commissions 32 19 16 Other income (b) 209 73 65 Noninterest revenue 682 393 366 Net interest income 1,692 959 999 Total net revenue 2,374 1,352 1,365 Provision for credit losses 41 67 2 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 465 285 237 Noncompensation expense 843 534 565 Amortization of intangibles 35 37 Total noninterest expense 1,343 822 809 Operating earnings before income tax expense 990 524 484 Income tax expense 382 217 201 Operating earnings $ 608 $ 307 $ 283 Financial ratios ROE 29% 29% 24% ROA 1.67 1.87 1.77 Overhead ratio 57 61 59 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) IB-related and commercial card revenues are included in Other income. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $608 million, an increase of 98%, primarily due to the Merger. Total net revenue was $2.4 billion, an increase of 76%, primarily due to the Merger. In addition to the overall increase related to the Merger, Net interest income of $1.7 billion was positively affected by higher deposit balances, par- tially offset by lower lending-related revenue. Noninterest revenue of $682 million was positively affected by higher investment banking fees and higher gains on the sale of loans and securities acquired in satisfaction of debt, par- tially offset by lower service charges on deposits, which often decline as inter- est rates rise. The Provision for credit losses was $41 million, an increase of $35 million, pri- marily due to the Merger. Excluding the impact of the Merger, the provision was higher in 2004. Lower net charge-offs in 2004 were partially offset by lower reductions in the Allowance for credit losses in 2004 relative to 2003. Noninterest expense was $1.3 billion, an increase of $521 million, or 63%, primarily related to the Merger. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 42 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 2003 compared with 2002 Operating earnings were $307 million, an increase of 8% compared with 2002. Total net revenue of $1.4 billion decreased by 1% compared with 2002. Net interest income of $1.0 billion decreased by 4% compared with the prior year, primarily due to lower deposit and loan spreads, partially offset by higher deposit and loan balances. Noninterest revenue was $393 million, an increase of 7%, primarily reflecting higher service charges on deposits and investment banking fees. The Provision for credit losses was $6 million, a decrease of $66 million, which resulted from a larger reduction in the Allowance for credit losses and lower net charge-offs in 2003, reflecting an improvement in credit quality. Noninterest expense was $822 million, an increase of 2% compared with 2002. The increase was the result of higher severance costs and performance-based incentives, partially offset by a decrease in other expenses. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue by product: Lending $ 764 $ 396 $ 414 Treasury services 1,467 896 925 Investment banking 120 66 51 Other 23 (6) (25) Total Commercial Banking revenue 2,374 1,352 1,365 Selected balance sheet (average) Total assets $ 36,435 $ 16,460 $ 15,973 Loans and leases 32,417 14,049 13,642 Deposits 51,620 32,880 29,403 Equity 2,093 1,059 1,199 Headcount 4,555 1,730 1,807 Credit data and quality statistics: Net charge-offs $6 1 $ 76 $ 107 Nonperforming loans 527 123 198 Allowance for loan losses 1,322 122 182 Allowance for lending-related commitments(b) 169 26 — Net charge-off rate 0.19% 0.54% 0.78% Allowance for loan losses to average loans 4.08 0.87 1.33 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 251 99 92 Nonperforming loans to average loans 1.63 0.88 1.45 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) In 2002, the Allowance for lending-related commitments was allocated to the IB. Had the amount been allocated to CB, the allowance would have been $24 million. Commercial Banking revenues are comprised of the following: Lending incorporates a variety of financing alternatives, such as term loans, revolving lines of credit and asset-based structures and leases, which are often secured by receivables, inventory, equipment or real estate. Treasury services incorporates a broad range of products and services to help clients manage short-term liquidity through deposits and sweeps, and longer- term investment needs through money market accounts, certificates of deposit and mutual funds; manage working capital through loc kbox, global trade, global clearing and commercial card products; and have ready access to information to manage their business through on-line reporting t ools. Investment banking products provide clients with more sophisticated capital-raising alternatives, through loan syndications, investment-grade debt, asset- backed securities, private placements, high-yield bonds and equity underwriting, and balance sheet and risk management tools throu gh foreign exchange, deriv- atives, M&A and advisory services. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 43 Treasury & Securities Services Treasury & Securities Services is a global leader in providing transaction, investment and information services to support the needs of corporations, issuers and institutional investors world- wide. TSS is the largest cash management provider in the world and one of the top three global custodians. The Treasury Services business provides clients with a broad range of capabilities, including U.S. dollar and multi-currency clearing, ACH, trade, and short-term liquidity and working capital tools. The Investor Services business provides a wide range of capabilities, includ- ing custody, funds services, securities lending, and performance measurement and execution products. The Institutional Trust Services business provides trustee, depository and administra- tive services for debt and equity issuers. Treasury Services part- ners with the Commercial Banking, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Asset & Wealth Management segments to serve clients firmwide. As a result, certain Treasury Services revenues are included in other segments’ results. Selected income statement data Year ending December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Lending & deposit related fees $ 647 $ 470 $ 445 Asset management, administration and commissions 2,445 1,903 1,800 Other income 382 288 328 Noninterest revenue 3,474 2,661 2,573 Net interest income 1,383 947 962 Total net revenue 4,857 3,608 3,535 Provision for credit losses 7 13 Credit reimbursement (to) from IB (b) (90) 36 82 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 1,629 1,257 1,131 Noncompensation expense 2,391 1,745 1,616 Amortization of intangibles 93 26 24 Total noninterest expense 4,113 3,028 2,771 Operating earnings before income tax expense 647 615 843 Income tax expense 207 193 294 Operating earnings $ 440 $ 422 $ 549 Financial ratios ROE 17% 15% 20% Overhead ratio 85 84 78 Memo Treasury Services firmwide overhead ratios(c) 62 62 62 Treasury & Securities Services firmwide overhead ratio (c) 74 76 72 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) TSS is charged a credit reimbursement related to certain exposures managed within the IB credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. For a further discussion, see Credit reimbursement on page 29 of this Annual Report. (c) TSS and TS firmwide overhead ratios have been calculated based on the firmwide revenues described in footnote (b) on page 44 of this Annual Report and TSS or TS expenses, respec- tively, including those allocated to certain other lines of business. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings for the year were $440 million, an increase of $18 million, or 4%. Results in 2004 include an after-tax gain of $10 million on the sale of an Investor Services business. Prior-year results include an after-tax gain of $22 million on the sale of an Institutional Trust Services business. Excluding these one-time gains, operating earnings increased by $30 million, or 8%. Both net revenue and Noninterest expense increased primarily as a result of the Merger, the acquisition of Bank One’s Corporate Trust business in November 2003 and the acquisition of EFS in January 2004. TSS net revenue improved by 35% to $4.9 billion. This revenue growth reflected the benefit of the Merger and the acquisitions noted above and improved product revenues across TSS. Net interest income grew to $1.4 billion from $947 million as a result of average deposit balance growth of 44%, to $128 billion, a change in the corporate deposit pricing method- ology in 2004 and wider deposit spreads. Growth in fees and commissions was driven by a 20% increase in assets under custody to $9.1 trillion as well as new business growth in trade, commercial card, global equity products, securities lending, fund services, clearing and ACH. Partially offsetting these improvements were lower service charges on deposits, which often decline as interest rates rise, and a soft municipal bond market. Treasury Services (“TS”) net revenue grew to $2.0 billion, Investor Services (“IS”) to $1.7 billion and Institutional Trust Services (“ITS”) to $1.2 billion. TSS firmwide net revenue grew 41% to $6.5 billion. TSS firmwide net rev- enues include Treasury Services net revenues recorded in other lines of business. Credit reimbursement to the Investment Bank was $90 million, compared with a credit from the Investment Bank of $36 million in the prior year, princi- pally due to the Merger and a change in methodology. TSS is charged a credit reimbursement related to certain exposures managed within the Investment Bank credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. Noninterest expense totaled $4.1 billion, up from $3.0 billion, reflecting the Merger and the acquisitions noted above, $155 million of software impair- ment charges, upfront transition expenses related to on-boarding new cus- tody and fund accounting clients, and legal and technology-related expenses. On January 7, 2005, JPMorgan Chase agreed to acquire Vastera, a provider of global trade management solutions, for a total transaction value of approx- imately $129 million. Vastera’s business will be combined with the Logistics and Trade Services businesses of the Treasury Services unit. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2005. 2003 compared with 2002 TSS operating earnings decreased by 23% from 2002 while delivering a return on allocated capital of 15%. A 9% increase in Noninterest expense and a lower credit reimbursement contributed to the lower earnings. Total net revenue increased by 2%, with growth at ITS of 11%. ITS revenue growth was the result of debt product lines, increased volume in asset servic- ing, a pre-tax gain of $36 million on the sale of an Institutional Trust Services business in 2003, and the result of acquisitions which generated $29 million of new revenue in 2003. TS’s revenue rose by 8% on higher trade and commer- cial payment card revenue and increased balance-related earnings, including Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 44 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report higher balance-deficiency fees resulting from the lower interest rate environ- ment. IS’s revenue contracted by 7%, the result of lower NII due to lower interest rates, lower foreign exchange and securities lending revenue, and a pre-tax gain of $50 million on the sale of the Firm’s interest in a non-U.S. securities clearing firm in 2002. Noninterest expense increased by 9%, attributable to higher severance, the impact of acquisitions, the cost associated with expensing of options, increased pension costs and charges to provide for losses on subletting unoccupied excess real estate. TSS was assigned a credit reimbursement of pre-tax earnings and the associated capital related to certain credit exposures managed within IB’s credit portfolio on behalf of clients shared with TSS. For 2003, the impact to TSS was to increase pre-tax operating earnings by $36 million and average allocated capital by $712 million. Selected metrics Year ending December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and where otherwise noted) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue by business Treasury Services (b) $ 1,994 $ 1,200 $ 1,111 Investor Services 1,709 1,448 1,561 Institutional Trust Services 1,154 960 863 Total net revenue $ 4,857 $ 3,608 $ 3,535 Memo Treasury Services firmwide revenue (b) $ 3,665 $ 2,214 $ 2,125 Treasury & Securities Services firmwide revenue (b) 6,528 4,622 4,549 Business metrics Assets under custody (in billions) $ 9,137 $ 7,597 $ 6,336 Corporate trust securities under administration (in billions) (c) 6,676 6,127 NA Selected balance sheet (average) Total assets $ 23,430 $ 18,379 $ 17,239 Loans 7,849 6,009 5,972 Deposits U.S. deposits 82,928 54,116 32,698 Non-U.S. deposits 45,022 34,518 34,919 Total deposits 127,950 88,634 67,617 Equity 2,544 2,738 2,700 Memo Treasury Services firmwide deposits (d) $ 99,587 $ 65,194 $ 41,508 Treasury & Securities Services firmwide deposits (d) 175,327 119,245 88,865 Headcount 22,612 15,145 14,810 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) TSS and Treasury Services firmwide revenues include TS revenues recorded in certain other lines of business. Revenue associated with Treasury Services customers who are also customers of the Commercial Banking, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Asset & Wealth Management lines of business are reported in these other lines of business and are excluded from Treasury Services, as follows: (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Treasury Services revenue reported in Commercial Banking $ 1,467 $ 896 $ 925 Treasury Services revenue reported in other lines of business 204 118 89 Note: Foreign exchange revenues are apportioned between TSS and the IB, and only TSS’s share is included in TSS firmwide revenue. (c) Corporate trust securities under administration include debt held in trust on behalf of third parties and debt serviced as agent. (d) TSS and TS firmwide deposits include TS’s deposits recorded in certain other lines of business. Deposits associated with Treasury Services customers who are also customers of the Commercial Banking line of business are reported in that line of business and are excluded from Treasury Services. NA-Data for 2002 is not available on a comparable basis. Treasury & Securities Services firmwide metrics include certain TSS product revenues and deposits reported in other lines of business for customers who are also customers of those lines of business. In order to capture the firmwide impact of TS and TSS products and revenues, management reviews firmwide metrics such as firmwide deposits, firmwide revenue and firmwide overhead ratios in assessing financial performance for TSS. Firmwide metrics are necessary in order to under- stand the aggregate TSS business. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 45 Asset & Wealth Management Asset & Wealth Management provides investment management to retail and institutional investors, financial intermediaries and high-net-worth families and individuals globally. For retail investors, AWM provides investment management products and services, including a global mutual fund franchise, retirement plan administration, and consultation and brokerage services. AWM delivers investment management to institutional investors across all asset classes. The Private bank and Private client serv- ices businesses provide integrated wealth management services to ultra-high-net-worth and high-net-worth clients, respectively. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Lending & deposit related fees $2 8 $1 9 $2 1 Asset management, administration and commissions 3,140 2,258 2,228 Other income 215 205 216 Noninterest revenue 3,383 2,482 2,465 Net interest income 796 488 467 Total net revenue 4,179 2,970 2,932 Provision for credit losses (14) 35 85 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 1,579 1,213 1,141 Noncompensation expense 1,502 1,265 1,261 Amortization of intangibles 52 86 Total noninterest expense 3,133 2,486 2,408 Operating earnings before income tax expense 1,060 449 439 Income tax expense 379 162 161 Operating earnings $ 681 $ 287 $ 278 Financial ratios ROE 17% 5% 5% Overhead ratio 75 84 82 Pre-tax margin ratio (b) 25 15 15 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Pre-tax margin represents Operating earnings before income taxes / Total net revenue, which is a comprehensive measure of pre-tax performance and is another basis by which AWM manage- ment evaluates its performance and that of its competitors. Pre-tax margin is an effective meas- ure of AWM’s earnings, after all costs are taken into consideration. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $681 million, up 137% from the prior year, due largely to the Merger but also driven by increased revenue and a decrease in the Provision for credit losses; these were partially offset by higher Compensation expense. Total net revenue was $4.2 billion, up 41%, primarily due to the Merger. Additionally, fees and commissions increased due to global equity market appreciation, net asset inflows and the acquisition of JPMorgan Retirement Plan Services (“RPS”) in the second quarter of 2003. Fees and commissions also increased due to an improved product mix, with an increased percentage of assets in higher-yielding products. Net interest income increased due to deposit and loan growth. The Provision for credit losses was a benefit of $14 million, a decrease of $49 million, due to an improvement in credit quality. Noninterest expense was $3.1 billion, up 26%, due to the Merger as well as increased Compensation expense and the impact of increased technology and marketing initiatives. 2003 compared with 2002 Operating earnings were $287 million, up 3% from the prior year, reflecting an improved credit portfolio, the benefit of slightly higher revenues. During the second quarter of 2003, the Firm acquired American Century Retirement Plan Services Inc., a provider of defined contribution recordkeeping services, as part of its strategy to grow its U.S. retail investment management business. The business was renamed JPMorgan Retirement Plan Services (“RPS”). Total net revenue was $3.0 billion, up 1% from the prior year. The increase in fees and commissions reflected the acquisition of RPS and increased aver- age equity market valuations in client portfolios, partly offset by institutional net outflows. Net interest income increased due to higher brokerage account balances and spreads. The decline in Other income primarily reflected non- recurring items in 2002. The Provision for credit losses decreased by 59%, due to an improvement in credit quality and recoveries. Noninterest expense was $2.5 billion, up $78 million from 2002, reflecting the acquisition of RPS, higher Compensation expense, and real estate and software write-offs, partly offset by the continued impact of expense- management programs. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount and ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue by client segment Private bank $ 1,554 $ 1,437 $ 1,467 Retail 1,081 732 695 Institutional 994 723 688 Private client services 550 78 82 Total net revenue $ 4,179 $ 2,970 $ 2,932 Business metrics Number of: Client advisors 1,226 615 673 Brown Co. average daily trades 29,901 27,150 24,584 Retirement Plan Services participants 918,000 756,000 — Star rankings (b) % of customer assets in funds ranked 4 or better 48% 48% NA % of customer assets in funds ranked 3 or better 81 69 NA Selected balance sheet (average) Total assets $ 37,751 $ 33,780 $ 35,813 Loans 21,545 16,678 18,926 Deposits 32,039 20,249 19,329 Equity 3,902 5,507 5,649 Headcount 12,287 8,520 8,546 Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 46 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 Credit data and quality statistics Net charge-offs $7 2 $ 9 $ 112 Nonperforming loans 79 173 139 Allowance for loan losses 216 130 97 Allowance for lending-related commitments 5 4— Net charge-off rate 0.33% 0.05% 0.59% Allowance for loan losses to average loans 1.00 0.78 0.51 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 273 75 70 Nonperforming loans to average loans 0.37 1.04 0.73 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Derived from Morningstar for the United States; Micropal for the United Kingdom, Luxembourg, Hong Kong and Taiwan; and Nomura for Japan. NA-Data for 2002 is not available on a comparable basis. Assets under supervision 2004 compared with 2003 Assets under supervision (“AUS”) at December 31, 2004 were $1.3 trillion, up 66% from 2003, and Assets under management (“AUM”) were $791 billion, up 41% from the prior year. The increases were primarily the result of the Merger, as well as market appreciation, net asset inflows and the acquisition of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management. The Firm also has a 43% interest in American Century Companies, Inc., whose AUM totaled $98 billion and $87 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Custody, broker- age, administration, and deposits were $478 billion, up 135%, primarily due to the Merger, as well as market appreciation and net inflows across all products. 2003 compared with 2002 AUS at December 31, 2003, totaled $764 billion, up 19% from the prior year- end. AUM totaled $561 billion, up 9%, and custody, brokerage, administra- tion and deposit accounts were $203 billion, up 54%. The increase in AUM was driven by higher equity market valuations in client portfolios, partly offset by institutional net outflows. Custody, brokerage, administration and deposits grew by $70 billion, driven by the acquisition of RPS ($41 billion), higher equity market valuations in client portfolios and net inflows from Private bank clients. The diversification of AUS across product classes, client segments and geographic regions helped to mitigate the impact of market volatility on revenue. The Firm also had a 44% interest in American Century Companies, Inc., whose AUM totaled $87 billion and $72 billion at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Assets under supervision (a)(b) (in billions) 2004 2003 Asset class Liquidity $ 232 $ 156 Fixed income 171 118 Equities, balanced and other 388 287 Assets under management 791 561 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 478 203 Total Assets under supervision $ 1,269 $ 764 Client segment Private bank Assets under management $ 139 $ 138 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 165 128 Assets under supervision 304 266 Retail Assets under management 133 93 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 88 71 Assets under supervision 221 164 Institutional Assets under management 466 322 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 184 — Assets under supervision 650 322 Private client services Assets under management 53 8 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 41 4 Assets under supervision 94 12 Total Assets under supervision $ 1,269 $ 764 Geographic region Americas Assets under management $ 562 $ 365 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 444 168 Assets under supervision 1,006 533 International Assets under management 229 196 Custody/brokerage/administration/deposits 34 35 Assets under supervision 263 231 Total Assets under supervision $ 1,269 $ 764 Memo: Mutual fund assets: Liquidity $ 183 $ 103 Fixed income 41 27 Equity, balanced and other 104 83 Total mutual funds assets $ 328 $ 213 Assets under supervision rollforward (b) Beginning balance $ 764 $ 642 Net asset flows 25 (16) Acquisitions (c) 383 41 Market/other impact 97 97 Ending balance $ 1,269 $ 764 (a) Excludes Assets under management of American Century. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) Reflects the Merger with Bank One ($376 billion) in the third quarter of 2004, the acquisi- tion of a majority interest in Highbridge Capital Management ($7 billion) in the fourth quar- ter of 2004 and the acquisition of RPS in the second quarter of 2003. AWM’s client segments are comprised of the following: The Private bank addresses every facet of wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families worldwide, including invest- ment management, capital markets and risk management, tax and estate planning, banking, capital raising and specialty wealth advisory services. Retail provides more than 2 million customers worldwide with investment management, retirement planning and administration, and brokerage services through third-party and direct distribution channels. Institutional serves more than 3,000 large and mid-size corporate and public institutions, endowments and foundations, and governments globally. AWM offers institutions comprehensive global investment services, including investment management across asset classes, pension analytics, asset-liability management, active risk budgeting and overlay strategies. Private client services offers high-net-worth individuals, families and business owners comprehensive wealth management solutions that include financial planning, personal trust, investment and banking products and services. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 47 Corporate The Corporate sector is comprised of Private Equity, Treasury, and corporate staff and other centrally managed expenses. Private Equity includes JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners businesses. Treasury manages the structural interest rate risk and investment portfolio for the Firm.The corporate staff areas include Central Technology and Operations,Internal Audit, Executive Office, Finance, General Services, Human Resources, Marketing & Communications, Office of the General Counsel, Real Estate and Business Services, RiskManagement, and Strategy and Development. Other centrally managed expenses include items such as the Firm’s occupancy and pen- sion expense, net of allocations to the business. Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Securities /private equity gains $ 1,786 $ 1,031 $ 334 Other income (2) 214 (11) Noninterest revenue 1,784 1,245 323 Net interest income (1,222) (177) (45) Total net revenue 562 1,068 278 Provision for credit losses (110) 124 133 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 2,426 1,893 1,867 Noncompensation expense 4,088 3,216 2,711 Net expenses allocated to other businesses (5,213) (4,580) (4,070) Total noninterest expense 1,301 529 508 Operating earnings before income tax expense (629) 415 (363) Income tax expense (benefit) (690) (253) (128) Operating earnings $6 1 $ 668 $ (235) (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. 2004 compared with 2003 Operating earnings were $61 million, down from earnings of $668 million in the prior year. Noninterest revenue was $1.8 billion, up 43% from the prior year. The pri- mary component of noninterest revenue is Securities/private equity gains, which totaled $1.8 billion, up 73% from the prior year. The increase was a result of net gains in the Private Equity portfolio of $1.4 billion in 2004, com- pared with $27 million in net gains in 2003. Partially offsetting these gains were lower investment securities gains in Treasury. Net interest income was a negative $1.2 billion, compared with a negative $177 million in the prior year. The decline was driven primarily by actions and policies adopted in conjunction with the Merger. Noninterest expense of $1.3 billion was up $772 million from the prior year due to the Merger. The Merger resulted in higher gross compensation and noncompensation expenses, which were partially offset by higher allocation of these expenses to the businesses. Incremental allocations to the businesses were lower than the gross expense increase due to certain policies adopted in conjunction with the Merger. These policies retain overhead costs that would not be incurred by the lines of business if operated on a stand-alone basis, as well as costs in excess of the market price for services provided by the corpo- rate staff and technology and operations areas. On September 15, 2004, JPMorgan Chase and IBM announced the Firm’s plans to reintegrate the portions of its technology infrastructure – including data centers, help desks, distributed computing, data networks and voice networks – that were previously outsourced to IBM. In January 2005, approximately 3,100 employees and 800 contract employees were transferred to the Firm. 2003 compared with 2002 For 2003, Corporate had operating earnings of $668 million, compared with an operating loss of $235 million in 2002, driven primarily by higher gains in the Private Equity portfolio and income tax benefits not allocated to the business segments. Selected metrics Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except headcount) 2004 2003 2002 Selected average balance sheet Short-term investments (b) $ 14,590 $ 4,076 $ 7,691 Investment portfolio (c) 63,475 63,506 61,816 Goodwill (d) 21,773 293 1,166 Total assets 162,234 104,395 97,089 Headcount 24,806 13,391 16,960 Treasury Securities gains (losses) (e) $ 347 $ 999 $ 1,073 Investment portfolio (average) 57,776 56,299 54,197 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents Federal funds sold, Securities borrowed, Trading assets – debt and equity instru- ments and Trading assets – derivative receivables. (c) Represents Investment securities and private equity investments. (d) As of July 1, 2004, the Firm changed the allocation methodology of goodwill to retain all goodwill in Corporate. (e) Excludes gains/losses on securities used to manage risk associated with MSRs. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 48 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Selected income statement and balance sheet data – Private equity Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Private equity gains (losses) Direct investments Realized gains $ 1,423 $ 535 $ 452 Write-ups / write-downs (192) (404) (825) Mark-to-market gains (losses) 164 215 (210) Total direct investments 1,395 346 (583) Third-party fund investments 34 (319) (150) Total private equity gains (losses) 1,429 27 (733) Other income 53 47 59 Net interest income (271) (264) (302) Total net revenue 1,211 (190) (976) Total noninterest expense 288 268 296 Operating earnings (loss) before income tax expense 923 (458) (1,272) Income tax expense (benefit) 321 (168) (466) Operating earnings (losses) $ 602 $ (290) $ (806) Private equity portfolio information (b) Direct investments Public securities Carrying value $ 1,170 $ 643 $ 520 Cost 744 451 663 Quoted public value 1,758 994 761 Private direct securities Carrying value 5,686 5,508 5,865 Cost 7,178 6,960 7,316 Third-party fund investments (c) Carrying value 641 1,099 1,843 Cost 1,042 1,736 2,333 Total private equity portfolio Carrying value $ 7,497 $ 7,250 $ 8,228 Cost $ 8,964 $ 9,147 $10,312 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) For further information on the Firm’s policies regarding the valuation of the private equity portfolio, see Note 9 on pages 98–100 of this Annual Report. (c) Unfunded commitments to private third-party equity funds were $563 million, $1.3 billion and $2.0 billion at December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. 2004 compared with 2003 Private Equity’s operating earnings for the year totaled $602 million, com- pared with a loss of $290 million in 2003. This improvement reflected a $1.4 billion increase in total private equity gains. In 2004, markets improved for investment sales, resulting in $1.4 billion of realized gains on direct investments, compared with $535 million in 2003. Net write-downs on direct investments were $192 million in 2004, compared with $404 million in 2003, as valuations continued to stabilize amid positive market conditions. The carrying value of the Private Equity portfolio at December 31, 2004, was $7.5 billion, an increase of $247 million from December 31, 2003. The increase was primarily the result of the Merger. Otherwise, the portfolio declined as a result of sales of investments, consistent with management’s intention to reduce over time the capital committed to private equity. Sales of third-party fund investments resulted in a decrease in carrying value of $458 million, to $641 million at December 31, 2004, compared with $1.1 billion at December 31, 2003. 2003 compared with 2002 The private equity portfolio recognized negative Total net revenue of $190 million and operating losses of $290 million in 2003. Opportunities to realize value through sales, recapitalizations and initial public offerings (“IPOs”) of investments, although limited, improved during the year as the M&A and IPO markets started to recover. Private equity gains totaled $27 million in 2003, compared with losses of $733 million in 2002. Private equity recognized gains of $346 million on direct investments and losses of $319 million on sales and writedowns of private third-party fund investments. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 49 Balance sheet analysis Selected balance sheet data December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Assets Trading assets – debt and equity instruments $ 222,832 $ 169,120 Trading assets – derivative receivables 65,982 83,751 Securities: Available-for-sale 94,402 60,068 Held-to-maturity 110 176 Loans, net of allowance 394,794 210,243 Goodwill and other intangible assets 57,887 14,991 All other assets 321,241 232,563 Total assets $ 1,157,248 $ 770,912 Liabilities Deposits $ 521,456 $ 326,492 Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 87,942 78,222 Trading liabilities – derivative payables 63,265 71,226 Long-term debt 95,422 48,014 All other liabilities 283,510 200,804 Total liabilities 1,051,595 724,758 Stockholders’ equity 105,653 46,154 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 1,157,248 $ 770,912 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Balance sheet overview At December 31, 2004, the Firm’s total assets were $1.2 trillion, an increase of $386 billion, or 50%, from the prior year, primarily as a result of the Merger. Merger-related growth in assets was primarily in: Available-for-sale securities; interests in purchased receivables related to Bank One’s conduit business; wholesale and consumer loans; and goodwill and other intangibles, which was primarily the result of the purchase accounting impact of the Merger. Nonmerger-related growth was primarily due to the IB’s increased trading activity, which is reflected in securities purchased under resale agree- ments and securities borrowed, as well as trading assets. At December 31, 2004, the Firm’s total liabilities were $1.1 trillion, an increase of $327 billion, or 45%, from the prior year, again primarily as a result of the Merger. Merger-related growth in liabilities was primarily in interest-bearing U.S. deposits, long-term debt, trust preferred securities and beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities. Nonmerger-related growth in liabilities was primarily driven by increases in noninterest-bearing U.S. deposits and the IB’s trading activity, which is reflected in securities sold under repurchase agreements, partially offset by reductions in federal funds purchased. Trading assets – debt and equity instruments The Firm’s debt and equity trading assets consist primarily of fixed income (including government and corporate debt) and cash equity and convertible instruments used for both market-making and proprietary risk-taking activities. The increase over 2003 was primarily due to growth in client-driven market-making activities across interest rate, credit and equity markets, as well as an increase in proprietary trading activities. Trading assets and liabilities – derivative receivables and payables The Firm uses various interest rate, foreign exchange, equity, credit and com- modity derivatives for market-making, proprietary risk-taking and risk manage- ment purposes. The decline from 2003 was primarily due to the Firm’s election, effective January 1, 2004, to report the fair value of derivative assets and liabili- ties net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements. For additional information, refer to Credit risk management and Note 3 on pages 57–69 and 90–91, respectively, of this Annual Report. Securities AFS securities include fixed income (e.g., U.S. Government agency and asset- backed securities, as well as non-U.S. government and corporate debt) and equity instruments. The Firm uses AFS securities primarily to manage interest rate risk. The AFS portfolio grew by $34.3 billion from the 2003 year-end pri- marily due to the Merger. Partially offsetting the increase were net sales in the Treasury portfolio since the second quarter of 2004. In anticipation of the Merger, both heritage firms reduced the level of their AFS securities to reposi- tion the combined firm. For additional information related to securities, refer to Note 9 on pages 98–100 of this Annual Report. Loans Loans, net of allowance, were $394.8 billion at December 31, 2004, an increase of 88% from the prior year, primarily due to the Merger. Also contribut- ing to the increase was growth in both the RFS and CS loan portfolios, partially offset by lower wholesale loans in the IB. For a more detailed discussion of the loan portfolio and allowance for credit losses, refer to Credit risk management on pages 57–69 of this Annual Report. Goodwill and other intangible assets The $42.9 billion increase in Goodwill and other intangible assets from the prior year was primarily the result of the Merger and, to a lesser extent, the Firm’s other acquisitions, such as EFS and the majority stake in Highbridge. For addition- al information, see Note 15 on pages 109–111 of this Annual Report. Deposits Deposits are a key source of funding. The stability of this funding source is affected by such factors as returns available to customers on alternative invest- ments, the quality of customer service levels and competitive forces. Deposits increased by 60% from December 31, 2003, primarily the result of the Merger and growth in deposits in TSS. For more information, refer to the TSS segment discussion and the Liquidity risk management discussion on pages 43–44 and 55–56, respectively, of this Annual Report. Long-term debt Long-term debt increased by 99% from the prior year, primarily due to the Merger and net new debt issuances. For additional information on the Firm’s long-term debt activity, see the Liquidity risk management discussion on pages 55–56 of this Annual Report. Stockholders’ equity Total stockholders’ equity increased by 129% to $105.7 billion, primarily as a result of the Merger. For a further discussion of capital, see Capital management on pages 50–52 of this Annual Report. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 50 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Capital management The Firm’s capital management framework is intended to ensure that there is capital sufficient to support the underlying risks of the Firm’s business activi- ties, measured by economic risk capital, and to maintain “well-capitalized” status under regulatory requirements. In addition, the Firm holds capital above these requirements in amounts deemed appropriate to achieve man- agement’s debt rating objectives. The Firm’s capital framework is integrated into the process of assigning equity to the lines of business. The Firm may refine its methodology for assigning equity to the lines of business as the merger integration process continues. Line of business equity The Firm’s framework for allocating capital is based on the following objectives: • Integrate firmwide capital management activities with capital management activities within each of the lines of business. • Measure performance in each business segment consistently across all lines of business. • Provide comparability with peer firms for each of the lines of business. Equity for a line of business represents the amount the Firm believes the business would require if it were operating independently, incorporating suf- ficient capital to address economic risk measures, regulatory capital require- ments, and capital levels for similarly rated peers. Return on equity is meas- ured and internal targets for expected returns are established as a primary measure of a business segment’s performance. For performance management purposes, the Firm does not allocate goodwill to the lines of business because it believes that the accounting-driven allocation of goodwill could distort assessment of relative returns. In management’s view, this approach fosters better comparison of line of business returns with other internal business segments, as well as with peers. The Firm assigns an amount of equity capital equal to the then current book value of its goodwill to the Corporate segment. The return on invested capital related to the Firm’s goodwill assets is managed within this segment. In accordance with SFAS 142, the Firm allocates goodwill to the lines of business based on the underlying fair values of the businesses and then performs the required impairment testing. For a further discussion of goodwill and impairment testing, see Critical accounting estimates and Note 15 on pages 77–79 and 109–111 respectively, of this Annual Report. This integrated approach to assigning equity to the lines of business is a new methodology resulting from the Merger. Therefore, current year line of business equity is not comparable to equity assigned to the lines of business in prior years. The increase in average common equity in the table below for 2004 was primarily attributable to the Merger. (in billions) Yearly Average Line of business equity (a) 2004 2003 Investment Bank $ 17.3 $ 18.4 Retail Financial Services 9.1 4.2 Card Services 7.6 3.4 Commercial Banking 2.1 1.1 Treasury & Securities Services 2.5 2.7 Asset & Wealth Management 3.9 5.5 Corporate (b) 33.1 7.7 Total common stockholders’ equity $ 75.6 $ 43.0 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) 2004 includes $25.9 billion of equity to offset goodwill and $7.2 billion of equity primarily related to Treasury, Private Equity and the Corporate Pension Plan. Economic risk capital JPMorgan Chase assesses its capital adequacy relative to the underlying risks of the Firm’s business activities, utilizing internal risk-assessment methodolo- gies. The Firm assigns economic capital based primarily on five risk factors: credit risk, market risk, operational risk and business risk for each business; and private equity risk, principally for the Firm’s private equity business. (in billions) Yearly Average Economic risk capital (a) 2004 2003 Credit risk $ 16.5 $ 13.1 Market risk 7.5 4.5 Operational risk 4.5 3.5 Business risk 1.9 1.7 Private equity risk 4.5 5.4 Economic risk capital 34.9 28.2 Goodwill 25.9 8.1 Other(b) 14.8 6.7 Total common stockholders’ equity $ 75.6 $ 43.0 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Additional capital required to meet internal regulatory/debt rating objectives. Credit risk capital Credit risk capital is estimated separately for the wholesale businesses (Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Asset & Wealth Management and Treasury & Securities Services) and consumer businesses (Retail Financial Services and Card Services). Credit risk capital for the overall wholesale credit portfolio is defined in terms of unexpected credit losses, from both defaults and declines in market value due to credit deterioration, measured over a one-year period at a confidence level consistent with the level of capitalization necessary to achieve a targeted ‘AA’ solvency standard. Unexpected losses are in excess of those for which provisions for credit losses are maintained. In addition to maturity and corre- lations, capital allocation is differentiated by several principal drivers of credit risk: exposure at default (or loan equivalent amount), likelihood of default, loss severity, and market credit spread. • Loan equivalent amount for counterparty exposures in an over-the-counter derivative transaction is represented by the expected positive exposure based on potential movements of underlying market rates. Loan equiva- lents for unused revolving credit facilities represent the portion of an unused commitment likely, based on the Firm’s average portfolio historical experience, to become outstanding in the event an obligor defaults. • Default likelihood is closely aligned with current market conditions for all publicly traded names or investment banking clients, yielding a forward- looking measure of credit risk. This facilitates more active risk management by utilizing the growing market in credit derivatives and secondary market loan sales. For privately-held firms in the commercial banking portfolio, default likelihood is based on longer term averages over an entire credit cycle. • Loss severity of exposure is based on the Firm’s average historical experience during workouts, with adjustments to account for collateral or subordination. • Market credit spreads are used in the evaluation of changes in exposure value due to credit deterioration. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 51 Credit risk capital for the consumer portfolio is intended to represent a capital level sufficient to support an ‘AA’ rating, and its allocation is based on product and other relevant risk segmentation. Actual segment level default and severity experience are used to estimate unexpected losses for a one-year horizon at a confidence level equivalent to the ‘AA’ solvency standard. Statistical results for cer- tain segments or portfolios are adjusted upward to ensure that capital is consis- tent with external benchmarks, including subordination levels on market transac- tions and capital held at representative monoline competitors, where appropriate. Market risk capital The Firm allocates market risk capital guided by the principle that capital should reflect the extent to which risks are present in businesses. Daily VAR, monthly stress-test results and other factors determine appropriate capital charges for major business segments. See Market risk management on pages 70–74 of this Annual Report for more information about these market risk measures. The Firm allocates market risk capital to each business segment according to a formula that weights that segment’s VAR and stress test exposures. Operational risk capital Capital is allocated to the lines of business for operational risk using a risk-based capital allocation methodology which estimates operational risk on a bottoms-up basis. The operational risk capital model is based on actual losses and potential scenario-based stress losses, with adjustments to the capital calculation to reflect changes in the quality of the control environment and with a potential offset for the use of risk-transfer products. The Firm believes the model is consistent with the new Basel II Framework and expects to propose it eventually for qualification under the advanced measurement approach for operational risk. Business risk capital Business risk is defined as the risk associated with volatility in the Firm’s earnings due to factors not captured by other parts of its economic-capital framework. Such volatility can arise from ineffective design or execution of business strategies, volatile economic or financial market activity, changing client expectations and demands, and restructuring to adjust for changes in the competitive environment. For business risk, capital is allocated to each business based on historical revenue volatility and measures of fixed and vari- able expenses. Earnings volatility arising from other risk factors, such as credit, market, or operational risk, is excluded from the measurement of business risk capital, as those factors are captured under their respective risk capital models. Private equity risk capital Capital is allocated to publicly- and privately-held securities and third party fund investments and commitments in the Private Equity portfolio to cover the potential loss associated with a decline in equity markets and related asset devaluations. In addition to negative market fluctuations, potential loss- es in private equity investment portfolios can be magnified by liquidity risk. The capital allocation for the Private Equity portfolio is based upon measure- ment of the loss experience suffered by the Firm and other market partici- pants over a prolonged period of adverse equity market conditions. Regulatory capital The Firm’s federal banking regulator, the FRB, establishes capital require- ments, including well-capitalized standards for the consolidated financial holding company. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) establishes similar capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s national banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank”) and Chase Bank USA, National Association. On March 1, 2005, the FRB issued a final rule that continues the inclusion of trust preferred securities in Tier 1 capital, subject to stricter quantitative limits. The rule provides for a five-year transition period. The Firm is cur- rently assessing the impact of the final rule. The effective date of the final rule is dependent on the date of publication in the Federal Register. On July 20, 2004, the federal banking regulatory agencies issued a final rule that excludes assets of asset-backed commercial paper programs that are consolidated as a result of FIN 46R from risk-weighted assets for purposes of computing Tier 1 and Total risk-based capital ratios. The final rule also requires that capital be held against short-term liquidity facilities supporting asset-backed commercial paper programs. The final rule became effective September 30, 2004. Adoption of the rule did not have a material effect on the capital ratios of the Firm. In addition, under the final rule, both short- and long-term liquidity facilities will be subject to certain asset quality tests effec- tive September 30, 2005. The following tables show that JPMorgan Chase maintained a well-capital- ized position based on Tier 1 and Total capital ratios at December 31, 2004 and 2003. Capital ratios Well- capitalized December 31, 2004 2003(a) ratios Tier 1 capital ratio 8.7% 8.5% 6.0% Total capital ratio 12.2 11.8 10.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.2 5.6 NA Total stockholders’ equity to assets 9.1 6.0 NA (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Risk-based capital components and assets December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Total Tier 1 capital $ 68,621 $ 43,167 Total Tier 2 capital 28,186 16,649 Total capital $ 96,807 $ 59,816 Risk-weighted assets $ 791,373 $ 507,456 Total adjusted average assets 1,102,456 765,910 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Tier 1 capital was $68.6 billion at December 31, 2004, compared with $43.2 billion at December 31, 2003, an increase of $25.4 billion. The increase was due to an increase in common stockholders’ equity of $60.2 billion, primarily driven by stock issued in connection with the Merger of $57.3 billion and net income of $4.5 billion; these were partially offset by dividends paid of $3.9 billion and common share repurchases of $738 million. The Merger added Tier 1 components such as $3.0 billion of additional qualifying trust preferred securities and $493 million of minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries; Tier 1 deductions resulting from the Merger included $34.1 billion of merger- related goodwill, and $3.4 billion of nonqualifying intangibles. Additional information regarding the Firm’s capital ratios and the associated com- ponents and assets, and a more detailed discussion of federal regulatory capital standards are presented in Note 24 on pages 116–117 of this Annual Report. Off–balance sheet arrangements and contractual cash obligations Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 52 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Special-purpose entities JPMorgan Chase is involved with several types of off-balance sheet arrange- ments including special purpose entities (“SPEs”), lines of credit and loan commitments. The principal uses of SPEs are to obtain sources of liquidity for JPMorgan Chase and its clients by securitizing their financial assets, and to create other investment products for clients. These arrangements are an important part of the financial markets, providing market liquidity by facilitat- ing investors’ access to specific portfolios of assets and risks. For example, SPEs are integral to the markets for mortgage-backed securities, commercial paper, and other asset-backed securities. The basic SPE structure involves a company selling assets to the SPE. The SPE funds the purchase of those assets by issuing securities to investors. To insu- late investors from creditors of other entities, including the seller of assets, SPEs are often structured to be bankruptcy-remote. JPMorgan Chase is involved with SPEs in three broad categories of transac- tions: loan securitizations, multi-seller conduits and client intermediation. Capital is held, as appropriate, against all SPE-related transactions and relat- ed exposures, such as derivative transactions and lending-related commit- ments. For a further discussion of SPEs and the Firm’s accounting for them, see Note 1 on page 88, Note 13 on pages 103–106 and Note 14 on pages 106–109 of this Annual Report. The Firm has no commitments to issue its own stock to support any SPE transaction, and its policies require that transactions with SPEs be conducted at arm’s length and reflect market pricing. Consistent with this policy, no JPMorgan Chase employee is permitted to invest in SPEs with which the Firm is involved where such investment would violate the Firm’s Worldwide Rules of Conduct. These rules prohibit employees from self-dealing and prohibit employees from acting on behalf of the Firm in transactions with which they or their family have any significant financial interest. For certain liquidity commitments to SPEs, the Firm could be required to pro- vide funding if the credit rating of JPMorgan Chase Bank were downgraded below specific levels, primarily P-1, A-1 and F1 for Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, respectively. The amount of these liquidity commitments was $79.4 billion and $34.0 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Alternatively, if JPMorgan Chase Bank were downgraded, the Firm could be replaced by another liquidity provider in lieu of funding under the liquidity commitment, or, in certain circumstances, could facilitate the sale or refinanc- ing of the assets in the SPE in order to provide liquidity. Of its $79.4 billion in liquidity commitments to SPEs at December 31, 2004, $47.7 billion is included in the Firm’s total other unfunded commitments to extend credit, included in the table below (compared with $27.7 billion at December 31, 2003). As a result of the Firm’s consolidation of multi-seller conduits in accordance with FIN 46R, $31.7 billion of these commitments are excluded from the table (compared with $6.3 billion at December 31, 2003), as the underlying assets of the SPEs have been included on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. The revenue reported in the table below primarily represents servicing and custodial fee income. The Firm also has exposure to certain SPEs arising from derivative transactions; these transactions are recorded at fair value on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value (i.e., MTM gains and losses) recorded in Trading revenue. Such MTM gains and losses are not included in the revenue amounts reported in the table below. Basel II The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the new Basel II Framework in 2004 in an effort to update the original international bank capital accord (“Basel I”), in effect since 1988. The goal of the Basel II Framework is to improve the consistency of capital requirements internation- ally, make regulatory capital more risk sensitive, and promote enhanced risk management practices among large, internationally active banking organizations. JPMorgan Chase supports the overall objectives of the Basel II Framework. U.S. banking regulators are in the process of incorporating the Basel II Framework into the existing risk-based capital requirements. JPMorgan Chase will be required to implement advanced measurement techniques employing its internal estimates of certain key risk drivers to derive capital requirements. Prior to implementation of the new Basel II Framework, JPMorgan Chase will be required to demonstrate to the FRB that its internal criteria meet the rele- vant supervisory standards. The Basel II Framework will be fully effective in January 2008. JPMorgan Chase expects to implement the Basel II Framework within this timeframe. JPMorgan Chase is currently analyzing local Basel II requirements in major jurisdictions outside the U.S. where it operates. Based on the results of this analysis, different approaches may be implemented in various jurisdictions. Dividends The Firm’s common stock dividend policy reflects its earnings outlook, desired payout ratios, the need to maintain an adequate capital level and alternative investment opportunities. In 2004, JPMorgan Chase declared a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.34 per share. The Firm anticipates a divi- dend payout ratio in 2005 of 30-40% of operating earnings. Stock repurchases On July 20, 2004, the Board of Directors approved an initial stock repurchase program in the aggregate amount of $6.0 billion. This amount includes shares to be repurchased to offset issuances under the Firm’s employee equity-based plans. The actual amount of shares repurchased will be subject to various fac- tors, including market conditions; legal considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm’s capital position (taking into account purchase accounting adjustments); internal capital generation; and alternative potential investment opportunities. During 2004, under the stock repurchase program, the Firm repurchased 19.3 million shares for $738 mil- lion at an average price per share of $38.27. The Firm did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during 2003. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 53 The following table summarizes certain revenue information related to variable interest entities (“VIEs”) with which the Firm has significant involve- ment, and qualifying SPEs (“QSPEs”). For a further discussion of VIEs and QSPEs, see Note 1 on page 88 of this Annual Report. Revenue from VIEs and QSPEs Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) VIEs (b) QSPEs Total 2004 $154 $1,438 $1,592 2003 79 979 1,058 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes VIE-related revenue (i.e., revenue associated with consolidated and significant nonconsolidated VIEs). Contractual cash obligations In the normal course of business, the Firm enters into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. The accompanying table summarizes JPMorgan Chase’s off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and significant contractual cash obligations, by remaining maturity, at December 31, 2004. For a discussion regarding Long-term debt and trust preferred capital securities, see Note 17 on pages 112–113 of this Annual Report. For a discussion regarding operating leases, see Note 25 on page 117 of this Annual Report. Contractual purchases include commitments for future cash expenditures, pri- marily related to services. Capital expenditures primarily represent future cash payments for real estate–related obligations and equipment. Contractual pur- chases and capital expenditures at December 31, 2004, reflect the minimum contractual obligation under legally enforceable contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. Excluded from the following table are a number of obligations to be settled in cash, primarily in under one year. These obligations are reflected on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets and include Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements; Other borrowed funds; purchases of Debt and equity instruments that settle within standard market timeframes (e.g., regular-way); Derivative payables that do not require physical delivery of the underlying instrument; and certain purchases of instruments that resulted in settlement failures. Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments By remaining maturity at December 31, 2004 Under 1–3 3–5 After (in millions) 1 year years years 5 years Total Consumer $552,748 $ 3,603 $ 2,799 $ 42,046 $601,196 Wholesale: Other unfunded commitments to extend credit (a)(b) 114,555 57,183 48,987 4,427 225,152 Standby letters of credit and guarantees (a) 22,785 30,805 21,387 3,107 78,084 Other letters of credit (a) 4,631 1,297 190 45 6,163 Total wholesale 141,971 89,285 70,564 7,579 309,399 Total lending-related commitments $694,719 $ 92,888 $ 73,363 $ 49,625 $910,595 Contractual cash obligations By remaining maturity at December 31, 2004 (in millions) Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over $ 38,946 $ 7,941 $ 1,176 $ 1,221 $ 49,284 Long-term debt 15,833 30,890 23,527 25,172 95,422 Trust preferred capital securities — — — 10,296 10,296 FIN 46R long-term beneficial interests (c) 3,072 708 203 2,410 6,393 Operating leases (d) 1,060 1,878 1,614 5,301 9,853 Contractual purchases and capital expenditures 1,791 518 252 181 2,742 Obligations under affinity and co-brand programs 868 2,442 1,086 6 4,402 Other liabilities (e) 968 1,567 1,885 6,546 10,966 Total $ 62,538 $ 45,944 $ 29,743 $ 51,133 $ 189,358 (a) Represents contractual amount net of risk participations totaling $26 billion at December 31, 2004. (b) Includes unused advised lines of credit totaling $23 billion at December 31, 2004, which are not legally binding. In regulatory filings with the FRB, unused advised lines are not reportable. (c) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities. (d) Excludes benefit of noncancelable sublease rentals of $689 million at December 31, 2004. (e) Includes deferred annuity contracts and expected funding for pension and other postretirement benefits for 2005. Funding requ irements for pension and postretirement benefits after 2005 are excluded due to the significant variability in the assumptions required to project the timing of future cash payments. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 54 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Risk management Risk is an inherent part of JPMorgan Chase’s business activities. The Firm’s risk management framework and governance structure is intended to provide comprehensive controls and ongoing management of its major risks. In addi- tion, this framework recognizes the diversity among the Firm’s core business- es, which helps reduce the impact of volatility in any particular area on its operating results as a whole. The Firm’s ability to properly identify, measure, monitor and report risk is critical to its soundness and profitability. • Risk identification: The Firm identifies risk by dynamically assessing the potential impact of internal and external factors on transactions and positions. Business and risk professionals develop appropriate mitigation strategies for the identified risks. • Risk measurement: The Firm measures risk using a variety of method- ologies, including calculating probable loss, unexpected loss and value-at- risk, and by conducting stress tests and making comparisons to external benchmarks. Measurement models and related assumptions are routinely reviewed to ensure that the Firm’s risk estimates are reasonable and reflec- tive of underlying positions. • Risk monitoring/Control: The Firm establishes risk management policies and procedures. These policies contain approved limits by customer, prod- uct and business that are monitored on a daily, weekly and monthly basis as appropriate. • Risk reporting: Risk reporting covers all lines of business and is provided to management on a daily, weekly and monthly basis as appropriate. Risk governance The Firm’s risk governance structure is built upon the premise that each line of business is responsible for managing the risks inherent in its business activity. There are seven major risk types identified in the business activities of the Firm: liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, legal and reputation risk, fiduciary risk and principal risk. As part of the risk manage- ment structure, each line of business has a Risk Committee responsible for decisions relating to risk strategy, policies and control. Where appropriate, the Risk Committees escalate risk issues to the Firm’s Operating Committee, comprised of senior officers of the Firm, or to the Risk Working Group, a sub- group of the Operating Committee. In addition to the Risk Committees, there is an Asset & Liability Committee (“ALCO”), which oversees structural interest rate and liquidity risk as well as the Firm’s funds transfer pricing policy, through which lines of business transfer market-hedgable interest rate risk to Treasury. Treasury also has responsibility for decisions relating to its risk strategy, policies and control. There is also an Investment Committee, which reviews key aspects of the Firm’s global M&A activities that are undertaken for its own account and that fall outside the scope of established private equity and other principal finance activities. Operating Committee (OC) Asset & Liability Committee (ALCO) Commercial Banking Risk Committee Investment Committee Investment Bank Risk Committee & Executive IB Risk Committee Retail Financial Services Risk & Credit Policy Committee Card Services Risk Committee Treasury & Securities Services Risk Committee Asset & Wealth Management Risk Committee Risk Management Wholesale Credit Risk Consumer Credit Risk Market Risk Fiduciary Risk Principal Risk Technology & Operations Risk Management Services Operational Risk Overlaying risk management within the lines of business is the corporate function of Risk Management which, under the direction of the Chief Risk Officer reporting to the President and Chief Operating Officer, provides an independent firmwide function for control and management of risk. Within Risk Management are those units responsible for credit risk, market risk, operational risk, fiduciary risk, principal risk, and risk technology and opera- tions, as well as Risk Management Services, which is responsible for credit risk policy and methodology, risk reporting and risk education. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 55 The Board of Directors exercises oversight of risk management as a whole and through the Board’s Audit Committee and the Risk Policy Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews with management the system of internal con- trols and financial reporting that is relied upon to provide reasonable assur- ance of compliance with the Firm’s operational risk management processes. The Risk Policy Committee is responsible for oversight of management’s responsibilities to assess and manage the Firm’s credit risk, market risk, inter- est rate risk, investment risk and liquidity risk, and is also responsible for review of the Firm’s fiduciary and asset management activities. Both commit- tees are responsible for oversight of reputational risk. The Chief Risk Officer and other management report on the risks of the Firm to the Board of Directors, particularly through the Board’s Audit Committee and Risk Policy Committee. The major risk types identified by the Firm are discussed in the following sections. Liquidity risk management Liquidity risk arises from the general funding needs of the Firm’s activities and in the management of its assets and liabilities. JPMorgan Chase’s liquidity management framework is intended to maximize liquidity access and mini- mize funding costs. Through active liquidity management, the Firm seeks to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of funding. This enables the Firm to replace maturing obligations when due and fund assets at appropri- ate maturities and rates in all market environments. To accomplish this, man- agement uses a variety of liquidity risk measures that take into consideration market conditions, prevailing interest rates, liquidity needs and the desired maturity profile of liabilities. Risk identification and measurement Treasury is responsible for setting the Firm’s liquidity strategy and targets, understanding the Firm’s on- and off-balance sheet liquidity obligations, pro- viding policy guidance, overseeing policy adherence, and maintaining contin- gency planning and stress testing. In addition, it identifies and measures internal and external liquidity warning signals, such as the unusual widening of spreads, to permit early detection of liquidity issues. The Firm’s three primary measures of liquidity are: • Holding company short-term position: Measures the parent holding company’s ability to repay all obligations with a maturity less than one year at a time when the ability of the Firm’s banks to pay dividends to the parent holding company is constrained. • Cash capital surplus: Measures the Firm’s ability to fund assets on a fully collateralized basis, assuming access to unsecured funding is lost. • Basic surplus: Measures JPMorgan Chase Bank’s ability to sustain a 90-day stress event that is specific to the Firm where no new funding can be raised to meet obligations as they come due. All three primary liquidity measures are managed to provide sufficient surplus in the Firm’s liquidity position. Risk monitoring and reporting Treasury is responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the liquidity profile of the Firm through both normal and stress periods. Treasury analyzes reports to monitor the diversity and maturity structure of the Firm’s sources of funding, and to assess downgrade impact scenarios, contin- gent funding needs, and overall collateral availability and pledging status. A contingency funding plan is in place, intended to help the Firm manage through periods when access to funding is temporarily impaired. A down- grade analysis considers the potential impact of a one- and two-notch downgrade at both the parent and bank level, and calculates the estimated loss of funding as well as the increase in annual funding costs in both scenar- ios. A trigger-risk funding analysis considers the impact of a bank downgrade below A-1/P-1, including the funding requirements that would be required if such an event were to occur. These liquidity analytics rely on management’s judgment about JPMorgan Chase’s ability to liquidate assets or use them as collateral for borrowings and take into account credit risk management’s his- torical data on the funding of loan commitments (e.g., commercial paper back-up facilities), liquidity commitments to SPEs, commitments with rating triggers and collateral posting requirements. For a further discussion of SPEs and other off–balance sheet arrangements, see Off–balance sheet arrange- ments and contractual cash obligations on pages 52–53, as well as Note 1, Note 13, Note 14 and Note 27 on pages 88, 103–106, 106–109, and 119–120, respectively, of this Annual Report. Funding Sources of funds The diversity of the Firm’s funding sources enhances financial flexibility and limits dependence on any one source, thereby minimizing the cost of funds. A major source of liquidity for JPMorgan Chase Bank is provided by its large core deposit base. Core deposits include all U.S. deposits insured by the FDIC, up to the legal limit of $100,000 per depositor. In 2004, core bank deposits grew approximately 116% from 2003 year-end levels, primarily the result of the Merger, as well as growth within RFS and TSS. In addition to core deposits, the Firm benefits from substantial, stable deposit balances originated by TSS, Commercial Banking and the IB through the normal course of their businesses. Additional funding flexibility is provided by the Firm’s ability to access the repurchase and asset securitization markets. At December 31, 2004, $72 bil- lion of securities were available for repurchase agreements, and $36 billion of credit card, automobile and mortgage loans were available for securitizations. These alternatives are evaluated on an ongoing basis to achieve an appropri- ate balance of secured and unsecured funding. The ability to securitize loans, and the associated gains on those securitizations, are principally dependent on the credit quality and yields of the assets securitized and are generally not dependent on the credit ratings of the issuing entity. Transactions between the Firm and its securitization structures are reflected in JPMorgan Chase’s consolidated financial statements; these relationships include retained inter- ests in securitization trusts, liquidity facilities and derivative transactions. For further details, see Notes 13 and 14 on pages 103–106 and 106–109, respectively, of this Annual Report. Credit ratings The credit ratings of JPMorgan Chase’s parent holding company and each of its significant banking subsidiaries, as of December 3 1, 2004, were as follows: Short-term debt Senior long-term debt Moody’s S&P Fitch Moody’s S&P Fitch JPMorgan Chase & Co. P-1 A-1 F1 Aa3 A+ A+ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. P-1 A-1+ F1+ Aa2 AA- A+ Chase Bank USA, N.A. P-1 A-1+ F1+ Aa2 AA- A+ Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 56 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The Firm is an active participant in the global financial markets. These markets serve as a cost-effective source of funds and are a critical component of the Firm’s liquidity management. Decisions concerning the timing and tenor of accessing these markets are based on relative costs, general market conditions, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile. Issuance Corporate credit spreads narrowed in 2004 across most industries and sec- tors, reflecting the market perception that credit risks were improving, as the number of downgrades declined, corporate balance sheet cash positions increased, and corporate profits exceeded expectations. JPMorgan Chase’s credit spreads performed in line with peer spreads in 2004. The Firm took advantage of narrowing credit spreads globally by opportunistically issuing long-term debt and capital securities throughout the year. Consistent with its liquidity management policy, the Firm has raised funds at the parent holding company sufficient to cover maturing obligations over the next 12 months and to support the less liquid assets on its balance sheet. High investor cash positions and increased foreign investor participation in the corporate markets allowed JPMorgan Chase to diversify further its funding across the global markets while decreasing funding costs and lengthening maturities. During 2004, JPMorgan Chase issued approximately $25.3 billion of long- term debt and capital securities. These issuances were partially offset by $16.0 billion of long-term debt and capital securities that matured or were redeemed, and the Firm’s redemption of $670 million of preferred stock. In addition, in 2004 the Firm securitized approximately $6.5 billion of residential mortgage loans, $8.9 billion of credit card loans and $1.6 billion of automo- bile loans, resulting in pre-tax gains (losses) on securitizations of $47 million, $52 million and $(3) million, respectively. For a further discussion of loan securitizations, see Note 13 on pages 103–106 of this Annual Report. The Firm’s principal insurance subsidiaries had the following financial strength ratings as of December 31, 2004: Moody’s S&P A.M. Best Chase Insurance Life and Annuity Company A2 A+ A Chase Insurance Life Company A2 A+ A In connection with the Merger, Moody’s upgraded the ratings of the Firm by one notch, moving the parent holding company’s senior long-term debt rating to Aa3 and JPMorgan Chase Bank’s senior long-term debt rating to Aa2; and changed its outlook to stable. Also at that time, Fitch affirmed its ratings and changed its outlook to positive, while S&P affirmed all its ratings and kept its outlook stable. The cost and availability of unsecured financing are influenced by credit rat- ings. A reduction in these ratings could adversely affect the Firm’s access to liquidity sources, increase the cost of funds, trigger additional collateral requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend. Critical factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream; strong capital ratios; strong credit quality and risk management controls; diverse funding sources; and strong liquidity monitor- ing procedures. If the Firm’s ratings were downgraded by one notch, the Firm estimates the incremental cost of funds and the potential loss of funding to be negligible. Additionally, the Firm estimates the additional funding requirements for VIEs and other third-party commitments would not be material. In the current environment, the Firm believes a downgrade is unlikely. For additional infor- mation on the impact of a credit ratings downgrade on funding requirements for VIEs, and on derivatives and collateral agreements, see Off–balance Sheet Arrangements on pages 52–53 and Ratings profile of derivative receivables mark-to-market (“MTM”) on page 64, of this Annual Report. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 57 Credit risk management Credit risk is the risk of loss from obligor or counterparty default. The Firm provides credit to customers of all sizes, from large corporate clients to loans for the individual consumer. Management manages the risk/reward relation- ship of each portfolio, discouraging the retention of loan assets that do not generate a positive return above the cost of risk-adjusted capital. The Firm’s business strategy for its large corporate wholesale loan portfolio remains pri- marily one of origination for distribution; the majority of the Firm’s wholesale Credit risk organization ConsumerWholesale Oversees risk management Chief Risk Officer & Deputy Risk Officer Consumer Credit Risk Management Credit Risk Management Credit Portfolio Group Risk Management Services • Manages risk in credit positions from traditional lending and deriva- tive trading activities, through the purchase or sale of credit derivative hedges, other market instruments and secondary market loan sales • Manages derivatives collateral risk • Approves all credit exposure; authority varies based on aggregate size of client’s credit exposure and the size, maturity and risk level of transaction • Assigns risk ratings • Collaborates with client executives to monitor credit quality via periodic reviews of client documentation, financial data and industry trends • In terms of workouts and restruc- turings, the Special Credits Group manages criticized wholesale exposures • Formulates credit policies, limits and guidelines • Addresses credit risk methodolo- gies, including counterparty risk and credit risk capital allocation • Prepares reports used for monitoring, decision-making and external reporting • Prepares Allowance for credit losses for appropriateness review by LOBs and senior management • Establishes a comprehensive Consumer Risk Policy Framework for Retail Financial Services and Card Services • Assigns and manages credit authorities to all consumer senior risk officers • Formulates credit policies and limits; prepares allowance for credit losses for appropriateness review by LOBs and senior management • Monitors consumer credit risk performance across all portfolio segments, in order to ensure an appropriate risk/return relationship consistent with the Firm’s risk profile • Ensures appropriate credit risk–based capital management for consumer businesses • Monitors economic trends to manage emerging risk in consumer portfolio loan originations (primarily to IB clients) continue to be distributed into the marketplace, with residual holds by the Firm averaging less than 10%. With regard to the prime consumer credit market, the Firm focuses on creating a portfolio that is diversified from both a product and a geographical perspective. The Firm’s credit risk management governance structure consists of the pri- mary functions as described in the organizational chart below. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 58 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report In 2004, the Firm continued to enhance its risk management discipline, managing wholesale single-name and industry concentration through its threshold and limit structure and using credit derivatives and loan sales in its portfolio management activity. The Firm manages wholesale exposure concentrations by obligor, risk rating, industry and geography. In addition, the Firm continued to make progress under its multi-year initiative to reengineer specific components of the credit risk infrastructure. The goal is to enhance the Firm’s ability to provide immediate and accurate risk and exposure information; actively manage credit risk in the retained portfolio; support client relationships; more quickly manage the allocation of economic capital; and comply with Basel II initiatives. In 2004, the Firm continued to grow its consumer loan portfolio, focusing on businesses providing the most appropriate risk/reward relationship while keeping within the Firm’s desired risk tolerance. During the past year, the Firm also completed a strategic review of all consumer lending portfolio segments. This action resulted in the sale of the $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio, de-emphasizing vehicle leasing and, subsequent to year-end 2004, the sale of a $2 billion recreational vehicle portfolio. Continued growth in the core consumer lending product set (residential real estate, auto and education finance, credit cards and small business) reflected a focus on the prime credit quality segment of the market. Risk identification The Firm is exposed to credit risk through its lending (e.g., loans and lending- related commitments), derivatives trading and capital markets activities. Credit risk also arises due to country or sovereign exposure, as well as indirectly through the issuance of guarantees. Risk measurement To measure credit risk, the Firm employs several methodologies for estimating the likelihood of obligor or counterparty default. Losses generated by con- sumer loans are more predictable than wholesale losses but are subject to cyclical and seasonal factors. Although the frequency of loss is higher on con- sumer loans than on wholesale loans, the severity of loss is typically lower and more manageable. As a result of these differences, methodologies vary depending on certain factors, including type of asset (e.g., consumer install- ment versus wholesale loan), risk measurement parameters (e.g., delinquency status and credit bureau score versus wholesale risk rating) and risk manage- ment and collection processes (e.g., retail collection center versus centrally managed workout groups). Credit risk measurement is based on the amount of exposure should the obligor or the counterparty default, and the loss severity given a default event. Based on these factors and related market-based inputs, the Firm estimates both probable and unexpected losses for the wholesale and consumer portfo- lios. Probable losses, reflected in the Provision for credit losses, are statistically- based estimates of credit losses over time, anticipated as a result of obligor or counterparty default. However, probable losses are not the sole indicators of risk. If losses were entirely predictable, the probable loss rate could be factored into pricing and covered as a normal and recurring cost of doing business. Unexpected losses, reflected in the allocation of credit risk capital, represent the potential volatility of actual losses relative to the probable level of losses (refer to Capital management on pages 50–51 of this Annual Report for a further discussion of the credit risk capital methodology). Risk measure- ment for the wholesale portfolio is primarily based on risk-rated exposure; and for the consumer portfolio it is based on credit-scored exposure. Risk-rated exposure For portfolios that are risk-rated, probable and unexpected loss calculations are based on estimates of probability of default and loss given default. Probability of default is expected default calculated on an obligor basis. Loss given default is an estimate of losses that are based on collateral and struc- tural support for each credit facility. Calculations and assumptions are based on management information systems and methodologies under continual review. Risk ratings are assigned and reviewed on an ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and revised, if needed, to reflect the borrowers’ current risk profile and the related collateral and structural position. Credit-scored exposure For credit-scored portfolios (generally Retail Financial Services and Card Services), probable loss is based on a statistical analysis of inherent losses over discrete periods of time. Probable losses are estimated using sophisticated portfolio modeling, credit scoring and decision-support tools to project credit risks and establish underwriting standards. In addition, common measures of credit quality derived from historical loss experience are used to predict consumer losses. Other risk characteristics evaluated include recent loss experience in the portfolios, changes in origination sources, portfolio seasoning, loss severity and underlying credit practices, including charge-off policies. These analyses are applied to the Firm’s current portfolios in order to forecast delinquencies and severity of losses, which determine the amount of probable losses. These factors and analyses are updated on a quarterly basis. Risk monitoring The Firm has developed policies and practices that are designed to preserve the independence and integrity of decision-making and ensure credit risks are accurately assessed, properly approved, continually monitored and actively managed at both the transaction and portfolio levels. The policy framework establishes credit approval authorities, credit limits, risk-rating methodologies, portfolio-review parameters and problem-loan management. Wholesale credit risk is continually monitored on both an aggregate portfolio level and on an individual customer basis. For consumer credit risk, the key focus items are trends and concentrations at the portfolio level, where potential problems can be remedied through changes in underwriting policies and portfolio guidelines. Consumer Credit Risk Management monitors trends against business expectations and industry benchmarks. In order to meet its credit risk management objectives, the Firm seeks to maintain a risk profile that is diverse in terms of borrower, product type, industry and geographic concentration. Additional diversification of the Firm’s exposure is accomplished through syndication of credits, participations, loan sales, securitizations, credit derivatives and other risk-reduction techniques. Risk reporting To enable monitoring of credit risk and decision-making, aggregate credit exposure, credit metric forecasts, hold-limit exceptions and risk profile changes are reported to senior credit risk management regularly. Detailed portfolio reporting of industry, customer and geographic concentrations occurs monthly, and the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by sen- ior management on a quarterly basis. Through the risk governance structure, credit risk trends and limit exceptions are regularly provided to, and discussed with, the Operating Committee. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 59 Credit portfolio The following table presents JPMorgan Chase’s credit portfolio as of December 31, 2004 and 2003. Total wholesale credit exposure increased by $167 billion, and total consumer exposure increased by $584 billion, at year-end 2004 from year-end 2003. This increase in total exposure (including $71 billion of securitized credit cards) was primarily the result of the Merger. Wholesale and consumer credit portfolio As of or for the year ended Nonperforming Average annual December 31, (a) Credit exposure assets (t)(u) Net charge-offs net charge-off rate (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2004 2003 2004 2003 2004 2003 Wholesale (b)(c)(d) Loans – reported (e) $ 135,067 $ 75,419 $ 1,574 $ 2,004 $ 186 $ 765 0.19% 0.97% Derivative receivables (f)(g) 65,982 83,751 241 253 NA NA NA NA Interests in purchased receivables 31,722 4,752 — — NA NA NA NA Other receivables — 108 — 108 NA NA NA NA Total wholesale credit-related assets (e) 232,771 164,030 1,815 2,365 186 765 0.19 0.97 Lending-related commitments(h)(i) 309,399 211,483 NA NA NA NA NA NA Total wholesale credit exposure (e)(j) $ 542,170 $ 375,513 $ 1,815 $ 2,365 $ 186 $ 765 0.19% 0.97% Consumer (c)(k)(l) Loans – reported (m) $ 267,047 $ 139,347 $ 1,169 $ 580 $ 2,913 $ 1,507 1.56% 1.33% Loans – securitized (m)(n) 70,795 34,856 — — 2,898 1,870 5.51 5.64 Total managed consumer loans (m) $ 337,842 $ 174,203 $ 1,169 $ 580 $ 5,811 $ 3,377 2.43% 2.31% Lending-related commitments 601,196 181,198 NA NA NA NA NA NA Total consumer credit exposure (o) $ 939,038 $ 355,401 $ 1,169 $ 580 $ 5,811 $ 3,377 2.43% 2.31% Total credit portfolio Loans – reported $ 402,114 $ 214,766 $ 2,743 $ 2,584 $ 3,099 $ 2,272 1.08% 1.19% Loans – securitized (n) 70,795 34,856 — — 2,898 1,870 5.51 5.64 Total managed loans 472,909 249,622 2,743 2,584 5,997 4,142 1.76 1.84 Derivative receivables (f)(g) 65,982 83,751 241 253 NA NA NA NA Interests in purchased receivables 31,722 4,752 — — NA NA NA NA Other receivables — 108 — 108 NA NA NA NA Total managed credit-related assets 570,613 338,233 2,984 2,945 5,997 4,142 1.76 1.84 Wholesale lending-related commitments(h)(i) 309,399 211,483 NA NA NA NA NA NA Consumer lending-related commitments 601,196 181,198 NA NA NA NA NA NA Assets acquired in loan satisfactions (p) NA NA 247 216 NA NA NA NA Total credit portfolio (q) $ 1,481,208 $ 730,914 $ 3,231 $ 3,161 $ 5,997 $ 4,142 1.76% 1.84% Purchased held-for-sale wholesale loans(r) $ 351 $2 2 $ 351 $2 2 NA NA NA NA Credit derivative hedges notional (s) (37,200) (37,282) (15) (123) NA NA NA NA Collateral held against derivatives (9,301) (36,214) NA NA NA NA NA NA (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management. (c) Amounts are presented gross of the Allowance for loan losses. (d) Net charge-off rates exclude year-to-date average wholesale loans HFS of $6.4 billion and $3.8 billion for 2004 and 2003, respectively. (e) Wholesale loans past-due 90 days and over and accruing were $8 million and $42 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (f) The 2004 amount includes the effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements. Effective January 1, 2004, the Firm elected to report the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements. As of December 31, 2004, derivative receivables were $98 billion before netting of $32 billion of cash collateral held. (g) The Firm also views its credit exposure on an economic basis. For derivative receivables, economic credit exposure is the three-year averages of a measure known as Average exposure (which is the expected MTM value of derivative receivables at future time periods, including the benefit of collateral). Average exposure was $38 billion and $34 billion at December 31, 2004 and December 31, 2003, respectively. See pages 62–64 of this Annual Report for a further discussion of the Firm’s derivative receivables. (h) The Firm also views its credit exposure on an economic basis. For lending-related commitments, economic credit exposure is represented by a “loan equivalent,” which is the portion of the unused commit- ments or other contingent exposure that is expected, based on average portfolio historical experience, to become outstanding in the event of a default by the obligor. Loan equivalents were $162 billion and $104 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. See page 65 of this Annual Report for a further discussion of this measure. (i) Includes unused advised lines of credit totaling $23 billion and $19 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, which are not legally binding. In regulatory filings with the FRB, unused advised lines are not reportable. (j) Represents Total wholesale loans, Derivative receivables, Interests in purchased receivables, Other receivables and Wholesale lending–related commitments. (k) Net charge-off rates exclude year-to-date average HFS consumer loans (excluding Card) in the amount of $14.7 billion and $25.3 billion for 2004 and 2003, respectively. (l) Includes Retail Financial Services and Card Services. (m) Past-due loans 90 days and over and accruing includes credit card receivables of $998 million and $273 million, and related credit card securitizations of $1.3 billion and $879 million, at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (n) Represents securitized credit cards. For a further discussion of credit card securitizations, see Card Services on pages 39–40 of this Annual Report. (o) Represents Total consumer loans, Credit card securitizations and Consumer lending–related commitments. (p) At December 31, 2004 and 2003, includes $23 million and $10 million, respectively, of wholesale assets acquired in loan satisfactions, and $224 million and $206 million, respectively, of consumer assets acquired in loan satisfactions. (q) At December 31, 2004 and 2003, excludes $1.5 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage receivables in foreclosure status that are insured by government agencies. These amounts are excluded as reimbursement is proceeding normally. (r) Represents distressed wholesale loans purchased as part of IB’s proprietary investing activities. (s) Represents the notional amount of single-name and portfolio credit derivatives used to manage the credit risk of wholesale credit exposure; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133. (t) Excludes purchased held-for-sale (“HFS”) wholesale loans. (u) Nonperforming assets include wholesale HFS loans of $2 million and $30 million for 2004 and 2003, respectively, and consumer HFS loans of $13 million and $45 million for 2004 and 2003, respectively. HFS loans are carried at the lower of cost or market, and declines in value are recorded in Other income. NA – Not applicable. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 60 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Wholesale credit portfolio The increase in total wholesale exposure was almost entirely due to the Merger. Derivative receivables declined by $18 billion, primarily because, effec- tive January 1, 2004, the Firm elected to report the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements. Loans, lending-related commitments and interests in purchased receivables increased by $60 billion, $98 billion and $27 billion, respectively, primarily as a result of the Merger. Below are summaries of the maturity and ratings profiles of the wholesale portfolio as of December 31, 2004 and 2003. The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal risk ratings and is presented on an S&P-equivalent basis. Wholesale exposure Maturity profile(a) Ratings profile Investment-grade (“IG”) Noninvestment-grade At December 31, 2004 AAA A+ BBB+ BB+ CCC+ Total % (in billions, except ratios) <1 year 1–5 years > 5 years Total to AA- to A- to BBB- to B- & below Total of IG Loans 43% 43% 14% 100% $ 31 $ 20 $ 36 $ 43 $ 5 $ 135 64% Derivative receivables(b) 19 39 42 100 34 12 11 9 — 66 86 Interests in purchased receivables 37 61 2 100 3 24 5 — — 32 100 Lending-related commitments(b)(c) 46 52 2 100 124 68 74 40 3 309 86 Total exposure(d) 42% 49% 9% 100% $ 192 $ 124 $ 126 $ 92 $ 8 $ 542 82% Credit derivative hedges notional(e) 18% 77% 5% 100% $ (11) $ (11) $ (13) $ (2) $ — $ (37) 95% Maturity profile(a) Ratings profile Investment-grade (“IG”) Noninvestment-grade At December 31, 2003(f) AAA A+ BBB+ BB+ CCC+ Total % (in billions, except ratios) <1 year 1–5 years > 5 years Total to AA- to A- to BBB- to B- & below Total of IG Loans 50% 35% 15% 100% $ 14 $ 13 $ 20 $ 22 $ 6 $ 75 63% Derivative receivables(b) 20 41 39 100 47 15 12 9 1 84 88 Interests in purchased receivables 27 71 2 100 5 — — — — 5 100 Lending-related commitments(b)(c) 52 45 3 100 79 57 48 26 2 212 87 Total exposure(d) 44% 43% 13% 100% $145 $ 85 $ 80 $ 57 $ 9 $ 376 83% Credit derivative hedges notional(e) 16% 74% 10% 100% $ (10) $(12) $ (12) $ (2) $ (1) $ (37) 92% (a) The maturity profile of loans and lending-related commitments is based upon the remaining contractual maturity. The maturity profile of derivative receivables is based upon the maturity profile of Average exposure. See page 63 of this Annual Report for a further discussion of Average exposure. (b) Based on economic credit exposure, the total percentage of Investment grade for derivative receivables was 92% and 91% as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, and for lending-related commitments was 85% and 88% as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. See footnotes (g) and (h) on page 59 of this Annual Re port for a further discussion of economic credit exposure. (c) Based on economic credit exposure, the maturity profile for the <1 year, 1–5 years and >5 years categories would have been 31 %, 65% and 4%, respectively, as of December 31, 2004, and 38%, 58% and 4%, respectively, as of December 31, 2003. See footnote (h) on page 59 of this Annual Report for a further discussion of ec onomic credit exposure. (d) Based on economic credit exposure, the maturity profile for <1 year, 1–5 years and >5 years categories would have been 35%, 54% and 11%, respectively, as of December 31, 2004, and 36%, 46% and 18%, respectively, as of December 31, 2003. See footnotes (g) and (h) on page 59 of this Annual Report for a further discus sion of economic credit exposure. (e) Ratings are based on the underlying referenced assets. (f) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. As of December 31, 2004, the wholesale exposure ratings profile remained relatively stable compared with December 31, 2003. Wholesale credit exposure – selected industry concentration The Firm actively manages the size and diversification of its industry concen- trations, with particular attention paid to industries with actual or potential credit concerns. Following the Merger, the Firm commenced a thorough review of industry definitions and assignments in each of the heritage firm’s portfolios. As a result of this review, the Firm’s industry structure was modi- fied, resulting in two new industry groups within the top-10 industry concen- trations at December 31, 2004: Banks and finance companies (consists of the industries termed Commercial banks and Finance companies and lessors at year-end 2003) and Retail and consumer services (previously separate indus- tries at December 31, 2003). The Merger resulted in increases in nearly every top 10 industry concentration. Exposures to Banks and finance companies and Asset managers declined, primarily as a result of the Firm’s election to report fair value of derivative assets and liabilities net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements, which affected derivative receivables. A significant portion of the Firm’s derivatives portfolio is transacted with customers in these industries. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 61 Collateral Noninvestment-grade(d) Net Credit held against As of December 31, 2004 Credit Investment Criticized Criticized charge-offs derivative derivative (in millions, except ratios) exposure (c) grade Noncriticized performing nonperforming (recoveries) hedges (e) receivables(c) Top 10 industries (a) Banks and finance companies $ 56,184 90% $ 5,419 $ 132 $ 55 $ 6 $ (11,695) $ (3,464) Real estate 28,230 64 9,264 609 156 9 (800) (45) Healthcare 22,003 79 4,381 204 45 1 (741) (13) Retail and consumer services 21,732 76 4,871 285 108 — (1,767) (42) Consumer products 21,427 68 6,382 408 71 85 (1,189) (50) Utilities 21,262 85 2,339 504 386 63 (2,247) (27) Asset managers 20,389 79 4,225 111 4 (15) (80) (655) State and municipal governments 19,794 97 599 13 1 — (394) (18) Securities firms and exchanges 18,176 87 2,278 4 13 1 (1,398) (2,068) Media 15,314 64 4,937 198 311 (5) (1,600) (45) All other 297,659 83 47,261 4,001 665 41 (15,289) (2,874) Total $ 542,170 82% $ 91,956 $ 6,469 $ 1,815 $ 186 $ (37,200) $ (9,301) Collateral Noninvestment-grade(d) Net Credit held against As of December 31, 2003(b) Credit Investment Criticized Criticized charge-offs derivative derivative (in millions, except ratios) exposure (c) grade Noncriticized performing nonperforming (recoveries) hedges (e) receivables(c) Top 10 industries(a) Banks and finance companies $ 62,652 96% $ 2,633 $ 107 $ 23 $ 15 $ (12,538) $ (24,822) Real estate 14,544 70 4,058 232 49 29 (718) (182) Healthcare 11,332 86 1,403 139 44 12 (467) (35) Retail and consumer services 14,451 73 3,615 224 83 64 (1,637) (17) Consumer products 13,774 71 3,628 313 103 6 (1,104) (122) Utilities 15,296 82 1,714 415 583 129 (1,960) (176) Asset managers 21,794 82 3,899 76 13 14 (245) (1,133) State and municipal governments 14,354 100 36 14 1 — (405) (12) Securities firms and exchanges 15,599 83 2,582 9 13 4 (1,369) (4,168) Media 14,075 65 3,285 1,307 358 151 (1,678) (186) All other 177,642 80 30,002 3,652 1,095 341 (15,161) (5,361) Total $ 375,513 83% $ 56,855 $ 6,488 $ 2,365 $ 765 $ (37,282) $ (36,214) (a) Based on December 31, 2004, determination of Top 10 industries. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of credit derivative hedges and collateral held again st derivative receivables or loans. For 2004, collateral held against derivative receivables excludes $32 billion of cash collateral as a result of the Firm electing to report the fair value of derivative ass ets and liabilities net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements. (d) Excludes purchased nonaccrual loans held for sale of $351 million and $22 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (e) Represents notional amounts only; these credit derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133. Selected industry discussion Presented below is a discussion of several industries to which the Firm has significant exposure and which it continues to monitor because of actual or potential credit concerns. • Banks and finance companies: This industry group, primarily consisting of exposure to commercial banks, is the largest segment of the Firm’s wholesale credit portfolio. Credit quality is high, as 90% of the exposure in this category is rated investment-grade. • Real estate: Wholesale real estate grew considerably as a result of the Merger. The resulting exposure is diversified by transaction type, borrower base, geography and property type. In 2004, the portfolio continued to benefit from disciplined underwriting, low interest rates, high liquidity and increased capital demand. • All other: All other at December 31, 2004, included $298 billion of credit exposure to 21 industry segments. Exposures related to SPEs and high-net- worth individuals totaled 45% of this category. SPEs provide secured financing (generally backed by receivables, loans or bonds on a bankruptcy- remote, non-recourse or limited-recourse basis) originated by companies in a diverse group of industries that are not highly correlated. The remaining All other exposure is well diversified across other industries, none of which comprises more than 3% of total exposure. Wholesale criticized exposure Exposures deemed criticized generally represent a ratings profile similar to a rating of CCC+/Caa1 and lower, as defined by Standard & Poor’s/Moody’s. Despite the Merger, the criticized component of the portfolio decreased to $8.3 billion at December 31, 2004, from $8.9 billion at year-end 2003. The portfolio continued to experience improvement due to debt repayments and Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 62 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Notional amounts and derivative receivables marked to market (“MTM”) Notional amounts (a) Derivative receivables MTM As of December 31, (in billions) 2004 2003(b) 2004 2003(b) Interest rate $ 37,022 $ 31,252 $4 6 $6 0 Foreign exchange 1,886 1,545 8 10 Equity 434 328 6 9 Credit derivatives 1,071 578 3 3 Commodity 101 61 3 2 Total 40,514 33,764 66 84 Collateral held against derivative receivables NA NA (9)(c) (36) Exposure net of collateral NA NA $5 7 $4 8 (a) The notional amounts represent the gross sum of long and short third-party notional derivative contracts, excluding written options and foreign exchange spot contracts. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) The Firm held $41 billion of collateral against derivative receivables as of December 31, 2004, consisting of $32 billion in net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements, and $9 billion of other highly liquid collateral. The benefit of the $32 billion is reflected within the $66 billion of derivative receivables MTM. Excluded from the $41 billion of col- lateral is $10 billion of collateral delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions; this collateral secures exposure th at could arise in the existing portfolio of derivatives should the MTM of the client’s transactions move in the Firm’s favor. Also excluded are credit enhancements in the form of letter-of-credit and surety receivables. facility upgrades as a result of client recapitalizations; additional security and collateral taken in refinancings; client upgrades from improved financial per- formance; gross charge-offs; and a lack of migration of new exposures into the portfolio. Criticized exposure – industry concentrations As of December 31, 2004 (in millions) Utilities $ 890 10.7% Real estate 765 9.2 Media 509 6.1 Chemicals/plastics 488 5.9 Consumer products 479 5.8 Machinery and equipment manufacturing 459 5.6 Airlines 450 5.4 Business services 444 5.4 Metals/mining 438 5.3 Building materials/construction 430 5.2 All other 2,932 35.4 Total $ 8,284 100% Wholesale nonperforming assets (excluding purchased held-for-sale wholesale loans) decreased from December 31, 2003, as a result of gross charge-offs of $543 million taken during 2004. Wholesale net charge-offs improved signifi- cantly compared with 2003, as a result of lower gross charge-offs and slightly higher recoveries. The 2004 wholesale net charge-off rate was 0.19%, com- pared with 0.97% in 2003. Although future charge-offs in the wholesale portfolio and overall credit quali- ty are subject to uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ from historic performance, the Firm anticipates that the wholesale provision for credit losses will be higher in 2005 than it was in 2004, as the provision for credit losses moves to more normal levels over time. Derivative contracts In the normal course of business, the Firm utilizes derivative instruments to meet the needs of customers, to generate revenues through trading activities, to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, currencies and other markets and to manage its own credit risk. The Firm uses the same credit risk management procedures as those used for traditional lending to assess and approve potential credit exposures when entering into derivative transactions. The following table summarizes the aggregate notional amounts and the reported derivative receivables (i.e., the MTM or fair value of the derivative contracts after taking into account the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements) at each of the dates indicated: JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 63 The $41 trillion of notional principal of the Firm’s derivative contracts out- standing at December 31, 2004, significantly exceeds the possible credit loss- es that could arise from such transactions. For most derivative transactions, the notional principal amount does not change hands; it is simply used as a reference to calculate payments. The appropriate measure of current credit risk is, in the Firm’s view, the MTM value of the contract, which represents the cost to replace the contracts at current market rates should the counter- party default. When JPMorgan Chase has more than one transaction out- standing with a counterparty, and a legally enforceable master netting agree- ment exists with that counterparty, the netted MTM exposure, less collateral held, represents, in the Firm’s view, the appropriate measure of current credit risk. At December 31, 2004, the MTM value of derivative receivables (after taking into account the effects of legally enforceable master netting agree- ments and the impact of net cash received under credit support annexes to such legally enforceable master netting agreements) was $66 billion. Further, after taking into account $9 billion of other highly liquid collateral held by the Firm, the net current MTM credit exposure was $57 billion. While useful as a current view of credit exposure, the net MTM value of the derivative receivables does not capture the potential future variability of that credit exposure. To capture the potential future variability of credit exposure, the Firm calculates, on a client-by-client basis, three measures of potential derivatives-related credit loss: Peak, Derivative Risk Equivalent (“DRE”) and Average exposure (“AVG”). These measures all incorporate netting and collat- eral benefits, where applicable. Peak exposure to a counterparty is an extreme measure of exposure calculat- ed at a 97.5% confidence level. However, the total potential future credit risk embedded in the Firm’s derivatives portfolio is not the simple sum of all Peak client credit risks. This is because, at the portfolio level, credit risk is reduced by the fact that when offsetting transactions are done with separate counter- parties, only one of the two trades can generate a credit loss, even if both counterparties were to default simultaneously. The Firm refers to this effect as market diversification, and the Market-Diversified Peak (“MDP”) measure is a portfolio aggregation of counterparty Peak measures, representing the maximum losses at the 97.5% confidence level that would occur if all coun- terparties defaulted under any one given market scenario and timeframe. Derivative Risk Equivalent exposure is a measure that expresses the riskiness of derivative exposure on a basis intended to be equivalent to the riskiness of loan exposures. This is done by equating the unexpected loss in a derivative counterparty exposure (which takes into consideration both the loss volatility and the credit rating of the counterparty) with the unexpected loss in a loan exposure (which takes into consideration only the credit rating of the counter- party). DRE is a less extreme measure of potential credit loss than Peak and is the primary measure used by the Firm for credit approval of derivative transactions. Finally, Average exposure is a measure of the expected MTM value of the Firm’s derivative receivables at future time periods, including the benefit of collateral. AVG exposure over the total life of the derivative contract is used as the primary metric for pricing purposes and is used to calculate credit capi- tal and the Credit Valuation Adjustment (“CVA”), as described further below. The chart below shows the exposure profiles to derivatives over the next 10 years as calculated by the MDP , DRE and AVG metrics. All three measures generally show declining exposure after the first year, if no new trades were added to the portfolio. The MTM value of the Firm’s derivative receivables incorporates an adjust- ment, the CVA, to reflect the credit quality of counterparties. The CVA is based on the Firm’s AVG to a counterparty, and on the counterparty’s credit spread in the credit derivatives market. The primary components of changes in CVA are credit spreads, new deal activity or unwinds, and changes in the underlying market environment. The Firm believes that active risk manage- ment is essential to controlling the dynamic credit risk in the derivatives port- folio. The Firm risk manages its exposure to changes in CVA by entering into credit derivative transactions, as well as interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and commodity derivatives transactions. The MTM value of the Firm’s deriva- tive payables does not incorporate a valuation adjustment to reflect JPMorgan Chase’s credit quality. 0 $10 $20$30 $40 $50 $60 $70 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years MDP AVGAVGDREDRE Exposure profile of derivatives measures December 31, 2004 (in billions) $52(a) (a) Excludes $5 billion from the $57 billion of reported derivative receivables MTM net of collateral. The exclusion reflects risk mitigation for exchange traded deals and equity option calls. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 64 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The Firm actively pursues the use of collateral agreements to mitigate coun- terparty credit risk in derivatives. The percentage of the Firm’s derivatives transactions subject to collateral agreements increased slightly, to 79% as of December 31, 2004, from 78% at December 31, 2003. The Firm held $41 bil- lion of collateral as of December 31, 2004 (including $32 billion of net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable master netting agreements), compared with $36 billion as of December 31, 2003. The Firm posted $31 billion of collateral as of December 31, 2004, compared with $27 billion at the end of 2003. Certain derivative and collateral agreements include provisions that require the counterparty and/or the Firm, upon specified downgrades in their respec- tive credit ratings, to post collateral for the benefit of the other party. As of December 31, 2004, the impact of a single-notch ratings downgrade to JPMorgan Chase Bank, from its current rating of AA- to A+, would have been an additional $1.5 billion of collateral posted by the Firm; the impact of a six- notch ratings downgrade (from AA- to BBB-) would have been $3.9 billion of additional collateral. Certain derivative contracts also provide for termination of the contract, generally upon a downgrade of either the Firm or the coun- terparty, at the then-existing MTM value of the derivative contracts. Use of credit derivatives The following table presents the Firm’s notional amounts of credit derivatives protection bought and sold by the respective businesses as of December 31, 2004 and 2003: Credit derivatives positions Notional amount Portfolio management Dealer/client December 31, Protection Protection Protection Protection (in millions) bought (b) sold bought sold Total 2004 $ 37,237 $ 37 $ 501,266 $ 532,335 $1,070,875 2003(a) 37,349 67 264,389 275,888 577,693 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes $2 billion at both December 31, 2004 and 2003, of portfolio credit derivatives. JPMorgan Chase has limited counterparty exposure as a result of credit deriv- atives transactions. Of the $66 billion of total Derivative receivables at December 31, 2004, approximately $3 billion, or 5%, was associated with credit derivatives, before the benefit of highly liquid collateral. The use of credit derivatives to manage exposures by the Credit Portfolio Group does not reduce the reported level of assets on the balance sheet or the level of reported off–balance sheet commitments. Credit portfolio management activity In managing its wholesale credit exposure, the Firm purchases single-name and portfolio credit derivatives. As of December 31, 2004, the notional out- standing amount of protection bought via single-name and portfolio credit derivatives was $35 billion and $2 billion, respectively. The Firm also diversi- fies its exposures by providing (i.e., selling) credit protection, which increases exposure to industries or clients where the Firm has little or no client-related exposure. This activity is not material to the Firm’s overall credit exposure. Use of single-name and portfolio credit derivatives December 31, Notional amount of protection bought (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Credit derivative hedges of: Loans and lending-related commitments $ 25,002 $ 22,471 Derivative receivables 12,235 14,878 Total $ 37,237 $ 37,349 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The credit derivatives used by JPMorgan Chase for its portfolio management activities do not qualify for hedge accounting under SFAS 133, and therefore, effectiveness testing under SFAS 133 is not performed. These derivatives are reported at fair value, with gains and losses recognized as Trading revenue. The MTM value incorporates both the cost of credit derivative premiums and changes in value due to movement in spreads and credit events, whereas the loans and lending-related commitments being risk managed are accounted for on an accrual basis. Loan interest and fees are generally recognized in Net interest income, and impairment is recognized in the Provision for credit losses. This asymmetry in accounting treatment, between loans and lending-related commitments and the credit derivatives utilized in portfolio management The following table summarizes the ratings profile of the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheet Derivative receivables MTM, net of cash and other highly liquid collateral, for the dates indicated: Ratings profile of derivative receivables MTM Rating equivalent 2004 2003(b) December 31, Exposure net % of exposure Exposure net % of exposure (in millions) of collateral (a) net of collateral of collateral net of collateral AAA to AA- $ 30,384 53% $ 24,697 52% A+ to A- 9,109 16 7,677 16 BBB+ to BBB- 9,522 17 7,564 16 BB+ to B- 7,271 13 6,777 14 CCC+ and below 395 1 822 2 Total $ 56,681 100% $ 47,537 100% (a) The Firm held $41 billion of collateral against derivative receivables as of December 31, 2004, consisting of $32 billion in net cash received under credit support annexes to legally enforceable mas- ter netting agreements, and $9 billion of other highly liquid collateral. The benefit of the $32 billion is reflected within the $66 billion of derivative receivables MTM. Excluded from the $41 billion of collateral is $10 billion of collateral delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions; this collateral secures exposure that could arise in the existing portfolio of derivatives should the MTM of the client’s transactions move in the Firm’s favor. Also excluded are credit enhancements in the form of letter-of-credit and surety receivables. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 65 activities, causes earnings volatility that is not representative of the true changes in value of the Firm’s overall credit exposure. The MTM treatment of both the Firm’s credit derivatives used for managing credit exposure ( “short” credit positions) and the CVA, which reflects the credit quality of derivatives counterparty exposure (“long” credit positions), provides some natural offset. In 2004, there were $44 million of losses in Trading revenue from credit port- folio management activities. The losses consisted of $297 million related to credit derivatives used to manage the Firm ’s credit exposure; of this amount, $234 million was associated with credit derivatives used to manage accrual lending activities, and $63 million with credit derivatives used to manage the derivatives portfolio. The losses were largely due to the ongoing cost of buy- ing credit protection and some additional impact due to the global tightening of credit spreads. These losses were partially offset by $253 million of gains from a decrease in the MTM value of the CVA, a result of the same factors. The 2003 credit portfolio management activity resulted in $191 million of losses included in Trading revenue. These losses included $746 million related to credit derivatives that were used to risk manage the Firm ’s credit exposure; approximately $504 million of this amount was associated with credit deriva- tives used to manage accrual lending activities, and the remainder was prima- rily related to credit derivatives used to manage the credit risk of MTM deriva- tive receivables. The losses were generally driven by an overall global tighten- ing of credit spreads. The $746 million loss was partially offset by $555 mil- lion of trading revenue gains, primarily related to the decrease in the MTM value of the CVA due to credit spread tightening. The Firm also actively manages its wholesale credit exposure through loan and commitment sales. During 2004 and 2003, the Firm sold $5.9 billion and $5.2 billion of loans and commitments, respectively, resulting in losses of $8 million and $54 million, respectively, in connection with the management of its wholesale credit exposure. These activities are not related to the Firm’s securitization activities, which are undertaken for liquidity and balance sheet management purposes. For a further discussion of securitization activity, see Note 13 on pages 103–106 of this Annual Report. Dealer/client activity As of December 31, 2004, the total notional amounts of protection pur- chased and sold by the dealer business were $501 billion and $532 billion, respectively. The mismatch between these notional amounts is attributable to the Firm selling protection on large, diversified, predominantly investment- grade portfolios (including the most senior tranches) and then risk managing these positions by buying protection on the more subordinated tranches of the same portfolios. In addition, the Firm may use securities to risk manage certain derivative positions. Consequently, while there is a mismatch in notional amounts of credit derivatives, in the Firm’s view, the risk positions are largely matched. Lending-related commitments The contractual amount of wholesale lending-related commitments was $309 billion at December 31, 2004, compared with $211 billion at December 31, 2003. The increase was primarily due to the Merger. In the Firm’s view, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not repre- sentative of the Firm’s actual credit risk exposure or funding requirements. In determining the amount of credit risk exposure the Firm has to wholesale lending-related commitments, which is used as the basis for allocating credit risk capital to these instruments, the Firm has established a “loan-equivalent” amount for each commitment; this represents the portion of the unused commitment or other contingent exposure that is expected, based on average portfolio historical experience, to become outstanding in the event of a default by an obligor. The amount of the loan equivalents as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, was $162 billion and $104 billion, respectively. Country exposure The Firm has a comprehensive process for measuring and managing its expo- sures and risk in emerging markets countries – defined as those countries potentially vulnerable to sovereign events. Exposures to a country include all credit-related lending, trading, and investment activities, whether cross-border or locally funded. Exposure amounts are adjusted for credit enhancements (e.g. guarantees and letters of credit) provided by third parties located outside the country, if the enhancements fully cover the country risk, as well as the business risk. As of December 31, 2004, the Firm's exposure to any individual country was not material. In addition to monitoring country exposures, the Firm uses stress tests to measure and manage the risk of extreme loss associated with sovereign crises. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 66 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Consumer credit portfolio JPMorgan Chase’s consumer portfolio consists primarily of residential mort- gages and home equity loans, credit cards, auto and education financings and loans to small businesses. The domestic consumer portfolio reflects the benefit of diversification from both a product and a geographical perspective. The primary focus is on serving the prime consumer credit market. The following table presents managed consumer credit–related information for the dates indicated: Consumer portfolio As of or for the year ended Credit-related Nonperforming Average annual December 31, exposure assets Net charge-offs net charge-off rate (e) (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003(d) 2004 2003(d) 2004 2003(d) 2004 2003(d) Consumer real estate Home finance – home equity and other(a) $ 67,837 $ 24,179 $ 416 $ 125 $ 554 $ 109 1.18% 0.56% Home finance – mortgage 56,816 50,381 257 249 19 26 0.05 0.08 Total Home finance (a) 124,653 74,560 673 374 573 135 0.65 0.26 Auto & education finance 62,712 43,157 193 123 263 171 0.52 0.43 Consumer & small business and other 15,107 4,204 295 72 154 75 1.64 1.83 Credit card receivables – reported (b) 64,575 17,426 8 11 1,923 1,126 4.95 6.40 Total consumer loans – reported 267,047 139,347 1,169 580 2,913 1,507 1.56 1.33 Credit card securitizations (b)(c) 70,795 34,856 — — 2,898 1,870 5.51 5.64 Total consumer loans – managed (b) 337,842 174,203 1,169 580 5,811 3,377 2.43 2.31 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions NA NA 224 206 NA NA NA NA Total consumer related assets – managed 337,842 174,203 1,393 786 5,811 3,377 2.43 2.31 Consumer lending –related commitments: Home finance 53,223 31,626 NA NA NA NA NA NA Auto & education finance 5,193 2,637 NA NA NA NA NA NA Consumer & small business and other 10,312 5,792 NA NA NA NA NA NA Credit cards 532,468 141,143 NA NA NA NA NA NA Total lending-related commitments 601,196 181,198 NA NA NA NA NA NA Total consumer credit portfolio $ 939,038 $ 355,401 $1,393 $ 786 $5,811 $ 3,377 2.43% 2.31% (a) Includes $406 million of charge-offs related to the manufactured home loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2004. (b) Past-due loans 90 days and over and accruing includes credit card receivables of $998 million and $273 million, and related c redit card securitizations of $1.3 billion and $879 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (c) Represents securitized credit cards. For a further discussion of credit card securitizations, see Card Services on page 39 of this Annual Report. (d) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (e) Net charge-off rates exclude average loans HFS in the amount of $14.7 billion and $25.3 billion for 2004 and 2003, respective ly. NA – Not applicable. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 67 Total managed consumer loans as of December 31, 2004, were $338 billion, up from $174 billion at year-end 2003, reflecting the addition of the Bank One consumer credit portfolios. Consumer lending–related commitments increased by 232% to $601 billion at December 31, 2004, reflecting the impact of the Merger. The following discussion relates to the specific loan and lending-related categories within the consumer portfolio: Retail Financial Services Average RFS loan balances for 2004 were $163 billion. New loans originated in 2004 reflect higher credit quality, consistent with management’s focus on the prime credit market segment. The net charge-off rate for retail loans in 2004 was 0.67%, an increase of 27 basis points from 2003. This increase was pri- marily attributable to the Merger and to $406 million of charge-offs in the fourth quarter of 2004, which were associated with the sale of the $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio. Future RFS charge-offs and credit quality are subject to uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ from current anticipated performance, including the direction and level of loan delinquencies, changes in consumer behavior, bankruptcy trends, portfolio seasoning, interest rate movements and portfolio mix, among other factors. The Firm proactively manages its retail credit operation. Ongoing efforts include continual review and enhancement of credit underwriting criteria and refinement of pricing and risk management models. Home Finance: Home finance loans on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2004, were $125 billion. This consisted of $68 billion of home equity and other loans and $57 billion of mortgages, including mortgage loans held-for- sale. Home equity and other loans previously included manufactured home loans, a product the Firm stopped originating at mid-year 2004; the Firm sold substantially all of its manufactured home loan portfolio at the end of 2004. The $125 billion in Home Finance receivables as of December 31, 2004, reflects an increase of $50 billion from year-end 2003, driven by the addition of Bank One’s home equity and mortgage portfolios. Home Finance provides real estate lending to the full spectrum of credit borrowers, which included $7 billion in sub-prime credits at December 31, 2004. The geographic distri- bution of outstanding consumer real estate loans is well diversified. Consumer real estate loan portfolio by geographic location December 31, 2004 2003(a) (in billions) Outstanding % Outstanding % Top 10 U.S. States California $ 22.8 18% $ 17.3 23% New York 18.4 15 16.3 22 Illinois 8.0 6 1.9 3 Texas 7.9 6 4.5 6 Florida 7.1 6 4.7 6 Ohio 6.1 5 0.7 1 Arizona 5.2 4 1.0 1 Michigan 5.2 4 1.2 2 New Jersey 4.5 4 3.1 4 Colorado 3.2 3 1.5 2 Total Top 10 88.4 71 52.2 70 Other 36.3 29 22.4 30 Total $ 124.7 100% $ 74.6 100% (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Auto & Education Finance: As of December 31, 2004, Auto & education finance loans increased to $63 billion, up from $43 billion at year-end 2003. The acquisition of the Bank One portfolio was responsible for the increase. The Auto & education loan portfolio reflects a high concentration of prime quality credits. During the past year, the Firm completed a strategic review of all consumer lending portfolio segments. This review resulted in the Firm choosing to de-emphasize vehicle leasing, which, as of December 31, 2004, comprised $8 billion of outstandings. It is anticipated that over time vehicle leases will account for a smaller share of balance sheet receivables and expo- sure. The strategic review also resulted in the sale of a $2 billion recreational vehicle portfolio in early 2005. Consumer & Small Business/Insurance: As of December 31, 2004, Small business & other consumer loans increased to $15 billion compared with 2003 year-end levels of $4 billion. This portfolio segment is primarily comprised of loans to small businesses, and the increase reflects the acquisi- tion of the Bank One small business portfolio. The portfolio reflects highly collateralized loans, often with personal loan guarantees. Card Services JPMorgan Chase analyzes its credit card portfolio on a managed basis, which includes credit card receivables on the consolidated balance sheet and those receivables sold to investors through securitization. Managed credit card receivables were $135 billion at December 31, 2004, an increase of $83 billion from year-end 2003, reflecting the acquisition of the Bank One portfolio. Consumer credit quality trends continue to improve overall, reflecting general economic conditions and reduced consumer bankruptcy filings versus the prior year. The decrease in the managed credit card net charge-off rate, to 5.27% in 2004 from 5.90% in 2003, reflected the impact of the Merger, as well as management’s continued emphasis on prudent credit risk manage- ment, including disciplined underwriting and account management practices targeted to the prime and super-prime credit sectors. Credit Risk Management tools used to manage the level and volatility of losses for credit card accounts have been continually updated, and, where appropriate, these tools were adjusted to reduce credit risk. The managed credit card portfolio continues to reflect a well-seasoned portfolio that has good U.S. geographic diversification. Future charge-offs in the credit card portfolio and overall credit quality are subject to uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ from historic performance. This could include the direction and level of loan delinquencies, changes in consumer behavior, bankruptcy trends, portfolio seasoning, inter- est rate movements and portfolio mix, among other factors. While current economic and credit data suggest that consumer credit quality will not signifi- cantly deteriorate, significant deterioration in the general economy could materially change these expectations. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 68 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Overall: The Allowance for credit losses increased by $3.0 billion from December 31, 2003, to December 31, 2004, primarily driven by the Merger. Adjustments required to conform to the combined Firm ’s allowance method- ology, and alignment of accounting practices related to the seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, resulted in a net increase in the Provision for credit losses of $858 million. See Note 12 on pages 102 –103 of this Annual Report. Loans: The allowance has two components: asset-specific and formula- based. As of December 31, 2004, management deemed the allowance to be appropriate. Excluding loans held for sale, the allowance represented 1.94% of loans at December 31, 2004, compared with 2.33% at year-end 2003. The wholesale component of the allowance was $3.1 billion as of December 31, 2004, an increase from year-end 2003, primarily due to the Merger. The wholesale allowance also reflected a reduction of $103 million in the provi- sion as a result of conforming the combined Firm ’s allowance methodology. The consumer component of the allowance was $4.2 billion as of December 31, 2004, an increase from December 31, 2003, primarily attributable to the Merger and the decertification of Bank One ’s seller’s retained interest in credit card securitizations. Adjustments required to conform to the combined Firm’s allowance methodology included a reduction of $192 million in the Allowance for loan losses within RFS. Conforming the methodology within Card Services reduced the Allowance for loan losses by $62 million. Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase’s allowance for credit losses is intended to cover probable credit losses, including losses where the asset is not specifically identified or the size of the loss has not been fully determined. At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the Chief Risk Officer and the Deputy Chief Risk Officer of the Firm and is discussed with a risk subgroup of the Operating Committee, relative to the risk profile of the Firm’s credit portfolio and current economic conditions. The allowance is adjusted based on that review if, in management’s judgment, changes are warranted. The allowance includes an asset-specific component and a formula-based component, the lat- ter of which consists of a statistical calculation and adjustments to the statis- tical calculation. For further discussion of the components of the Allowance for credit losses, see Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm on page 77 and Note 12 on pages 102–103 of this Annual Report. At December 31, 2004, management deemed the allowance for credit losses to be sufficient to absorb losses that are inherent in the portfolio, including losses that are not specifically identified or for which the size of the loss has not yet been fully determined. Summary of changes in the allowance for credit losses For the year ended December 31, (a) 2004 2003 (in millions) Wholesale Consumer Total Wholesale Consumer Total Loans: Beginning balance $ 2,204 $ 2,319 $ 4,523 $ 2,936 $ 2,414 $ 5,350 Addition allowance resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 1,788 1,335 3,123 —— — Gross charge-offs (543) (3,262) (c) (3,805) (1,113) (1,705) (2,818) Gross recoveries 357 349 706 348 198 546 Net charge-offs (186) (2,913) (3,099) (765) (1,507) (2,272) Provision for loan losses: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity (605) 2,403 1,798 25 1,554 1,579 Accounting policy conformity (103) 1,188 (d) 1,085 —— — Total Provision for loan losses (708) 3,591 2,883 25 1,554 1,579 Other — (110) (110) (f) 8 (142) (134) (f) Ending balance $ 3,098 (b) $ 4,222 (e) $ 7,320 $ 2,204 $ 2,319 $ 4,523 Lending-related commitments: Beginning balance $ 320 $ 4 $ 324 $ 363 $ — $ 363 Addition allowance resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 499 9 508 —— — Net charge-offs —— — —— — Provision for lending-related commitments: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity (111) (1) (112) (40) 1 (39) Accounting policy conformity (227) — (227) —— — Total Provision for lending-related commitments (338) (1) (339) (40) 1 (39) Other (1) — (1) (3) 3 — Ending balance $ 480 $ 12 $ 492 (g) $ 320 $ 4 $ 324 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm ’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes $469 million of asset-specific loss and approximately $2.6 billion of formula-based loss. Included within the formul a-based loss is $1.6 billion related to a statistical calculation and adjust- ments to the statistical calculation of $990 million. (c) Includes $406 million of charge-offs related to the sale of the $4 billion manufactured home loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2004. (d) Consists of an increase of approximately $1.4 billion as a result of the decertification of heritage Bank One seller ’s interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a reduction of $254 million to conform provision methodologies. (e) Includes $3.2 billion and $1.0 billion of consumer statistical and adjustments to statistical components, respectively, at Dec ember 31, 2004. (f) Primarily represents the transfer of the allowance for accrued fees on reported credit card loans. (g) Includes $130 million of asset-specific loss and $362 million of formula-based loss. Note: The formula-based loss for lending- related commitments is based on statistical calculation. There is no adjustment to the statistical calculation for lending-related commitments. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 69 Provision for credit losses For a discussion of the reported Provision for credit losses, see page 23 of this Annual Report. The managed provision for credit losses, which reflects credit card securitizations, increased primarily due to the Merger. For the year ended Provision for December 31, (a) Provision for loan losses lending-related commitments Total provision for credit losses (in millions) 2004 2003 2004 2003 2004 2003 Investment Bank $ (525) $ (135) $ (115) $ (46) $ (640) $ (181) Commercial Banking 35 8 6 (2) 41 6 Treasury & Securities Services 7 — — 1 7 1 Asset & Wealth Management (12) 36 (2) (1) (14) 35 Corporate (110) 116 — 8 (110) 124 Total Wholesale (605) 25 (111) (40) (716) (15) Retail Financial Services 450 520 (1) 1 449 521 Card Services 1,953 1,034 — — 1,953 1,034 Total Consumer 2,403 1,554 (1) 1 2,402 1,555 Accounting policy conformity (b) 1,085 — (227) — 858 — Total provision for credit losses 2,883 1,579 (339) (39) 2,544 1,540 Add: Securitized credit losses 2,898 1,870 — — 2,898 1,870 Less: Accounting policy conformity (1,085) — 227 — (858) — Total managed provision for credit losses $ 4,696 $ 3,449 $ (112) $ (39) $ 4,584 $ 3,410 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm ’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) The provision for loan losses includes an increase of approximately $1.4 billion as a result of the decertification of herit age Bank One’s seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a reduction of $357 million to conform provision methodologies. The provision for lending-related commitments reflects a reducti on of $227 million to conform provision methodologies in the wholesale portfolio. Additionally, in Card Services, $128 million in allowance for accrued fees and finance charges was reclassified from the Allowance for loan losses to Loans. At the time of the Merger, Bank One’s seller’s interest in credit card securiti- zations was in a certificated or security form and recorded at fair value. Subsequently, a decision was made to decertificate these assets, which resulted in a reclassification of the seller’s interest from Available-for-sale securities to Loans, at fair value, with no allowance for credit losses. Generally, as the underlying credit card receivables represented by the seller’s interest were paid off, customers continued to use their credit cards and originate new receivables, which were then recorded as Loans at historical cost. As these new loans aged, it was necessary to establish an Allowance for credit losses consistent with the Firm’s credit policies. During the second half of 2004, approximately $1.4 billion of the Allowance for loan losses was established through the pro- vision associated with newly originated receivables related to the seller’s interest. Lending-related commitments: To provide for the risk of loss inherent in the Firm’s process of extending credit, management also computes an asset- specific component and a formula-based component for wholesale lending – related commitments. These are computed using a methodology similar to that used for the wholesale loan portfolio, modified for expected maturities and probabilities of drawdown. This allowance, which is reported in Other liabilities, was $492 million at December 31, 2004, and reflected the impact of the Merger, partially offset by a $227 million benefit as a result of con- forming the combined Firm’s allowance methodology. The allowance was $324 million at December 31, 2003. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 70 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Market risk management Market risk represents the potential loss in value of portfolios and financial instruments caused by adverse movements in market variables, such as interest and foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity and commodity prices. Market risk management Market Risk Management (“MRM”) is a function independent of the business- es that identifies, measures, monitors, and controls market risk. It seeks to facilitate efficient risk/return decisions and to reduce volatility in operating performance. It strives to make the Firm’s market risk profile transparent to senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators. The chart below depicts the MRM organizational structure and describes the responsibilities of the groups within MRM. Chief Risk Officer & Deputy Risk Officer • Oversees risk management Market Risk Management • Chief Market Risk Officer Business Unit Coverage Groups • Measures, monitors and controls market risk for business segments • Defines and approves limit structures • Monitors business adherence to limits • Performs stress testing • Approves market risk component of new products • Conducts qualitative risk assessments Policy, Reporting and Analysis • Develops policies that control market risk management process • Aggregates, interprets and distributes market risk-related information throughout the Firm • Reports and monitors business adherence to limits • Interfaces with regulators and investment community There are also groups that report to the Chief Financial Officer with some responsibility for market risk-related activities. For example, within the Finance area, the valuation control functions are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the valuations of positions that expose the Firm to market risk. Risk identification and classification MRM works in partnership with the business segments to identify market risks throughout the Firm, and to refine and monitor market risk policies and procedures. All business segments are responsible for comprehensive identifi- cation and verification of market risks within their units. Risk-taking business- es have Middle Office functions that act independently from trading person- nel and are responsible for verifying risk exposures that the business takes. In addition to providing independent oversight for market risk arising from the business segments, MRM is also responsible for identifying exposures which may not be large within individual business segments, but which may be large for the Firm in aggregate. Weekly meetings are held between MRM and the heads of risk-taking businesses, to discuss and decide on risk exposures in the context of the market environment and client flows. Positions that expose the Firm to market risk are classified into two categories: trading and nontrading risk. Trading risk includes positions that are held for trading purposes as a principal or as part of a business whose main business strategy is to trade or make markets. Unrealized gains and losses in these positions are generally reported in trading revenue. Nontrading risk includes securities held for longer term investment, and securities and derivatives used to manage the Firm’s asset/liability exposures. In most cases, unrealized gains and losses in these positions are accounted for at fair value, with the gains and losses reported in Net income or Other comprehensive income. Trading risk Fixed income: Fixed income risk (which includes credit spread risk) involves the potential decline in Net income or financial condition due to adverse changes in market interest rates, which may result in changes to NII, securi- ties valuations, and other interest-sensitive revenues and expenses. Foreign exchange, equities, commodities and other: These risks involve the potential decline in Net income to the Firm due to adverse changes in foreign exchange, equities or commodities markets, whether due to proprietary positions taken by the Firm, or due to a decrease in the level of client activity. Other risks include passive long-term investments in numerous hedge funds that may have exposure to fixed income, foreign exchange, equity and commodity risk within their portfolio risk structures. Nontrading risk The execution of the Firm’s core business strategies, the delivery of products and services to its customers, and the discretionary positions the Firm under- takes to risk-manage structural exposures give rise to interest rate risk in the nontrading activities of the Firm. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 71 This exposure can result from a variety of factors, including differences in the timing among the maturity or re-pricing of assets, liabilities and off –balance sheet instruments. Changes in the level and shape of market interest rate curves may also create interest rate risk, since the re-pricing characteristics of the Firm’s assets do not necessarily match those of its liabilities. The Firm is also exposed to basis risk, which is the difference in re-pricing characteristics of two floating rate indices, such as the prime rate and 3-month LIBOR. In addition, some of the Firm’s products have embedded optionality that impact pricing and balance levels. The Firm manages interest rate exposure related to its assets and liabilities on a consolidated, corporate-wide basis. Business units transfer their interest rate risk to Treasury through a transfer-pricing system, which takes into account the elements of interest rate exposure that can be risk managed in financial markets. These elements include asset and liability balances and contractual rates of interest, contractual principal payment schedules, expected prepay- ment experience, interest rate reset dates and maturities, rate indices used for re-pricing, and any interest rate ceilings or floors for adjustable rate products. All transfer-pricing assumptions are reviewed by Treasury. The Firm’s mortgage banking activities also give rise to complex interest rate risks. The interest rate exposure from the Firm’s mortgage banking activities is a result of option and basis risks. Option risk arises primarily from prepayment options embedded in mortgages and changes in the probability of newly- originated mortgage commitments actually closing. Basis risk results from different relative movements between mortgage rates and other interest rates. These risks are managed through programs specific to the different mortgage banking activities. Potential impairment in the fair value of mort- gage servicing rights (“MSRs”) and increased amortization levels of MSRs are managed via a risk management program that attempts to offset changes in the fair value of MSRs with changes in the fair value of derivatives and invest- ment securities. A similar approach is used to manage the interest rate risk associated with the Firm’s mortgage origination business. Risk measurement Tools used to measure risk Because no single measure can reflect all aspects of market risk, the Firm uses several measures, both statistical and nonstatistical, including: • Statistical risk measures - Value-at-Risk (“VAR”) - Risk identification for large exposures ( “RIFLE”) • Nonstatistical risk measures - Economic value stress tests - Earnings-at-risk stress tests - Other measures of position size and sensitivity to market moves Value-at-risk JPMorgan Chase’s statistical risk measure, VAR, gauges the potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment and provides a consistent cross-business measure of risk profiles and levels of risk diversifi- cation. VAR is used to compare risks across businesses, to monitor limits and to allocate economic capital to the business segments. VAR provides risk transparency in a normal trading environment. Each business day the Firm undertakes a comprehensive VAR calculation that includes both its trading and its nontrading activities. VAR for nontrading activities measures the amount of potential change in economic value; however, VAR for such activities is not a measure of reported revenue since nontrading activities are generally not marked to market through earnings. JPMorgan Chase’s VAR calculation is highly granular, comprising more than 2.1 million positions and 240,000 pricing series (e.g., securities prices, inter- est rates, foreign exchange rates). For a substantial portion of its exposure, the Firm has implemented full-revaluation VAR, which, management believes, generates the most accurate results. To calculate VAR, the Firm uses historical simulation, which measures risk across instruments and portfolios in a consistent, comparable way. This approach assumes that historical changes in market values are representative of future changes. The simulation is based on data for the previous 12 months. The Firm calculates VAR using a one-day time horizon and a 99% confidence level. This means the Firm would expect to incur losses greater than that predicted by VAR estimates only once in every 100 trading days, or about 2.5 times a year. All statistical models involve a degree of uncertainty, depending on the assumptions they employ. The Firm prefers historical simulation, because it involves fewer assumptions about the distribution of portfolio losses than parameter-based methodologies. In addition, the Firm regularly assesses the quality of the market data, since their accuracy is critical to computing VAR. Nevertheless, because VAR is based on historical market data, it may not accurately reflect future risk during environments in which market volatility is changing. In addition, the VAR measure on any particular day may not be indicative of future risk levels, since positions and market conditions may both change over time. While VAR is a valuable tool for evaluating relative risks and aggregating risks across businesses, it only measures the potential volatility of daily revenues. Profitability and risk levels over longer time periods – a fiscal quarter or a year – may be only loosely related to the average value of VAR over those periods for several reasons. First, while VAR measures potential fluctuations around average daily revenue, the average itself could reflect significant gains or losses; for example, from client revenues that accompany risk-taking activi- ties. Second, large trading revenues may result from positions taken over longer periods of time. For example, a business may maintain an exposure to rising or falling interest rates over a period of weeks or months. If the market exhibits a long-term trend over that time, the business could experience large gains or losses, even though revenue volatility on each individual day may have been small. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 72 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Trading VAR IB trading VAR by risk type and credit portfolio VAR (a) 2004 2003(e) As of or for the year ended Average Minimum Maximum At Average Minimum Maximum At December 31, (in millions) (b) VAR VAR VAR December 31, VAR VAR VAR December 31, By risk type: Fixed income $ 74.4 $ 45.3 $117.5 $ 57.3 $ 61.4 $ 42.3 $ 104.3 $ 79.9 Foreign exchange 17.3 10.2 32.8 28.4 16.8 11.0 30.2 23.5 Equities 28.2 15.2 57.8 19.8 18.2 6.7 51.6 45.6 Commodities and other 8.7 6.5 17.9 8.4 7.7 4.9 12.6 8.7 Less: portfolio diversification (43.6) NM (d) NM(d) (41.8) (39.4) NM (d) NM(d) (61.7) Total trading VAR $ 85.0 $ 51.6 $125.2 $ 72.1 $ 64.7 $ 39.8 $ 116.3 $ 96.0 Credit portfolio VAR (c) 14.0 10.8 16.6 15.0 17.8 12.8 22.0 13.2 Less: portfolio diversification (8.5) NM (d) NM(d) (9.4) (13.2) NM (d) NM(d) (8.1) Total trading and credit portfolio VAR $ 90.5 $ 55.3 $131.6 $ 77.7 $ 69.3 $ 44.8 $ 119.8 $ 101.1 (a) Includes all mark-to-market trading activities in the IB, plus available for sale securities held for the IB ’s proprietary purposes. Amounts exclude VAR related to the Firm’s private equity business. For a discussion of Private equity risk management, see page 76 of this Annual Report. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm ’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) Includes VAR on derivative credit valuation adjustments, credit valuation adjustment hedges and mark-to-market loan hedges wh ich are all reported in Trading revenue. This VAR does not include the accrual loan portfolio, which is not marked to market. (d) Designated as NM because the minimum and maximum may occur on different days for different risk components, and hence it is n ot meaningful to compute a portfolio diversification effect. In addition, JPMorgan Chase’s average and period-end VARs are less than the sum of the VARs of its market risk components, due to risk offsets resulting fro m portfolio diversification. (e) Amounts have been revised to reflect the reclassification of hedge fund investments, reclassification of Treasury positions to portfolios outside the IB, and the inclusion of available for sale securities held for the IB’s proprietary purposes. The largest contributors to the IB trading VAR in 2004 was fixed income risk. Before portfolio diversification, fixed income risk accounted for roughly 58% of the average IB Trading Portfolio VAR. The diversification effect, which on average reduced the daily average IB Trading Portfolio VAR by $43.6 million in 2004, reflects the fact that the largest losses for different positions and risks do not typically occur at the same time. The risk of a portfolio of posi- tions is therefore usually less than the sum of the risks of the positions them- selves. The degree of diversification is determined both by the extent to which different market variables tend to move together and by the extent to which different businesses have similar positions. Average IB trading and Credit Portfolio VAR during 2004 rose to $90.5 mil- lion, compared with $69.3 million for the same period in 2003. Period-end VAR decreased over the same period, to $77.7 million from $101.1 million. The decrease was driven by a decline in fixed income and equities VAR, pri- marily due to decreased risk positions and lower market volatility. In general, over the course of a year, VAR exposures can vary significantly as trading positions change and market volatility fluctuates. VAR backtesting To evaluate the soundness of its VAR model, the Firm conducts daily backtest- ing of VAR against actual financial results, based on daily market risk-related revenue. Market risk-related revenue is defined as the daily change in value of the mark-to-market trading portfolios plus any trading-related net interest income, brokerage commissions, underwriting fees or other revenue. The Firm’s definition of market risk-related revenue is consistent with the FRB ’s implementation of the Basel Committee’s market risk capital rules. The his- togram below illustrates the daily market risk-related gains and losses for the IB trading businesses for the year ended December 31, 2004. The chart shows that the IB posted market risk-related gains on 224 out of 261 days in this period, with 12 days exceeding $100 million. The inset graph looks at those days on which the IB experienced losses and depicts the amount by which VAR exceeded the actual loss on each of those days. Losses were sustained on 37 days, with no loss greater than $50 million, and with no loss exceeding the VAR measure. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 73 Economic value stress testing While VAR reflects the risk of loss due to unlikely events in normal markets, stress testing captures the Firm’s exposure to unlikely but plausible events in abnormal markets. Stress testing is equally important as VAR in measuring and controlling risk. Stress testing enhances the understanding of the Firm ’s risk profile and loss potential and is used for monitoring limits, cross-business risk measurement and economic capital allocation. Economic-value stress tests measure the potential change in the value of the Firm’s portfolios. Applying economic-value stress tests helps the Firm under- stand how the economic value of its balance sheet (i.e., not the amounts reported under U.S. GAAP) would change under certain scenarios. The Firm conducts economic-value stress tests for both its trading and its nontrading activities, using the same scenarios for both. The Firm stress tests its portfolios at least once a month using multiple sce- narios. Several macroeconomic event-related scenarios are evaluated across the Firm, with shocks to roughly 10,000 market prices specified for each sce- nario. Additional scenarios focus on the risks predominant in individual busi- ness segments, and include scenarios that focus on the potential for adverse moves in complex portfolios. Scenarios are derived from either severe historical crises or forward assess- ment of developing market trends. They are continually reviewed and updated to reflect changes in the Firm’s risk profile and economic events. Stress-test results, trends and explanations are provided each month to the Firm ’s execu- tive management and to the lines of business to help them better measure and manage risks to understand event risk –sensitive positions. The Firm’s stress-test methodology assumes that, during an actual stress event, no management action would be taken to change the risk profile of portfolios. This captures the decreased liquidity that often occurs with abnor- mal markets and results, in the Firm’s view, in a conservative stress-test result. Based on the Firm’s stress scenarios, the stress test loss (pre-tax) in the IB ’s trading portfolio ranged from $202 million to $1.2 billion, and $227 million to $895 million for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respec- tively. (The 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. In addition, the 2003 amounts have been revised to reflect the transfer of Treasury positions from the IB to the Corporate business segment.) It is important to note that VAR results cannot be directly correlated to stress- test loss results for three reasons. First, stress-test losses are calculated at varying dates each month, while VAR is performed daily and reported for the period-end date. Second, VAR and stress tests are two distinct risk measure- ments yielding very different loss potentials. Thus, although the same trading portfolios are used for both tests, VAR is based on a distribution of one-day historical losses measured over the most recent one year; in contrast, stress testing subjects the portfolio to more extreme, larger moves over a longer time horizon (e.g., 2–3 weeks). Third, as VAR and stress tests are distinct risk measurements, the impact of portfolio diversification can vary greatly. For VAR, markets can change in patterns over a one-year time horizon, moving from highly correlated to less so; in stress testing, the focus is on a single event and the associated correlations in an extreme market situation. As a result, while VAR over a given time horizon can be lowered by a diversifica- tion benefit in the portfolio, this benefit would not necessarily manifest itself in stress-test scenarios, which assume large, coherent moves across all markets. < (40) (20) > < (10) (10) > < 0 0 > < 10 10 > < 20 20 > < 30 30 > < 40 40 > < 50 50 > < 60 60 > < 70 70 > < 80 80 > < 90 90 > < 100 100 > < 110 > 120 (30) > < (20) (40) > < (30) Daily IB market risk-related gains and losses Number of trading days Average daily revenue: $37.1 million 0 1020304050 $ in millions 5 10 15 < 0 0 > < 20 20 > < 40 40 > < 60 60 > < 80 > 100 $ in millions Number of trading days Daily IB VAR less market risk-related losses 80 > < 100 110 > < 120 The graph below depicts the number of days on which the IB’s market risk-related gains and losses fell within particular ranges. The inset graph to the right looks at those days on which the IB experienced losses and depicts the amount by which VAR exceeded the actual loss on each of those days. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 74 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report RIFLE In addition to VAR, JPMorgan Chase employs the Risk Identification for Large Exposures (“RIFLE”) methodology as another statistical risk measure. The Firm requires that all market risk–taking businesses self-assess their risks to unusual and specific events. Individuals who manage risk positions, particularly complex positions, identify potential worst-case losses that could arise from an unusual or specific event, such as a potential tax change, and estimate the probabilities of such losses. Through the Firm’s RIFLE system, this information is then directed to the appropriate level of management, thereby permitting the Firm to identify further earnings vulnerabilities not adequately covered by VAR and stress testing. Nonstatistical risk measures Nonstatistical risk measures other than stress testing include net open posi- tions, basis point values, option sensitivities, position concentrations and posi- tion turnover. These measures provide additional information on an expo- sure’s size and the direction in which it is moving. Nonstatistical measures are used for monitoring limits, one-off approvals and tactical control. Earnings-at-risk stress testing The VAR and stress-test measures described above illustrate the total eco- nomic sensitivity of the Firm’s balance sheet to changes in market variables. The effect of interest rate exposure on reported Net income is also critical. Interest rate risk exposure in the Firm ’s core nontrading business activities (i.e., asset/liability management positions) results from on- and off-balance sheet positions. The Firm conducts simulations of NII for its nontrading activi- ties under a variety of interest rate scenarios, which are consistent with the scenarios used for economic-value stress testing. Earnings-at-risk tests meas- ure the potential change in the Firm ’s Net interest income over the next 12 months. These tests highlight exposures to various rate-sensitive factors, such as the rates themselves (e.g., the prime lending rate), pricing strategies on deposits, optionality and changes in product mix. The tests included forecast- ed balance sheet changes, such as asset sales and securitizations, as well as prepayment and reinvestment behavior. JPMorgan Chase’s 12-month pre-tax earnings sensitivity profiles as of December 31, 2004, were as follows: Immediate change in rates (in millions) +200bp +100bp -100bp December 31, 2004 $ (557) $ (164) $ (180) The Firm is exposed to both rising and falling rates. The Firm’s risk to rising rates is largely the result of increased funding costs. In contrast, the exposure to falling rates is the result of potential compression in deposit spreads, coupled with higher anticipated levels of loan prepayments. Immediate changes in interest rates present a limited view of risk, and so a number of alternative scenarios are also reviewed. These scenarios include the implied forward curve, nonparallel rate shifts and severe interest rate shocks on selected key rates. These scenarios are intended to provide a comprehensive view of JPMorgan Chase’s earnings-at-risk over a wide range of outcomes. Earnings-at-risk can also result from changes in the slope of the yield curve, because the Firm has the ability to lend at fixed rates and borrow at variable or short-term fixed rates. Based on these scenarios, the Firm’s earnings would be negatively affected by a sudden and unanticipated increase in short-term rates without a corresponding increase in long-term rates. Conversely, higher long-term rates are generally beneficial to earnings, particularly when the increase is not accompanied by rising short-term rates. Risk monitoring and control Limits Market risk is primarily controlled through a series of limits. The sizes of the limits reflect the Firm’s risk appetite after extensive analysis of the market environment and business strategy. The analysis examines factors such as market volatility, product liquidity, business track record, and management experience and depth. The Firm maintains different levels of limits. Corporate-level limits encompass VAR calculations and stress-test loss advisories. Similarly, business segment levels include limits based on VAR calculations and nonstatistical measure- ments, and P&L loss advisories. Businesses are responsible for adhering to established limits, against which exposures are monitored and reported daily. Exceeded limits are reported immediately to senior management, and the affected business unit must take appropriate action to reduce trading posi- tions. If the business cannot do this within an acceptable timeframe, senior management is consulted on the appropriate action. MRM regularly reviews and updates risk limits, and the Firm ’s Operating Committee reviews and approves risk limits at least twice a year. MRM fur- ther controls the Firm’s exposure by specifically designating approved finan- cial instruments for each business unit. Qualitative review MRM also performs periodic reviews of both businesses and products with exposure to market risk in order to assess the ability of the businesses to con- trol market risk. The businesses’ management strategies, market conditions, product details and effectiveness of risk controls are reviewed. Specific recom- mendations for improvements are made to management. Model review Many of the Firm’s financial instruments cannot be valued based on quoted market prices but are instead valued using pricing models. Such models are used for management of risk positions, such as reporting risk against limits, as well as for valuation. A model review group, independent of the lines of busi- ness units and MRM, reviews the models the Firm uses, and assesses model appropriateness and consistency across businesses. The model reviews consider a number of issues: appropriateness of the model, assessing the extent to which it accurately reflects the characteristics of the transaction and captures its significant risks; independence and reliability of data sources; appropriate- ness and adequacy of numerical algorithms; and sensitivity to input parame- ters or other assumptions which cannot be priced from the market. Reviews are conducted for new or changed models, as well as previously accepted models, and they assess whether there have been any material changes to the accepted models; whether there have been any changes in the product or market that may impact the model ’s validity; and whether there are theoretical or competitive developments that may require reassess- ment of the model’s adequacy. For a summary of valuations based on models, see Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm on pages 77 –79 of this Annual Report. Risk reporting Value-at-risk, nonstatistical exposures and dollar trading loss limit exceptions are reported daily for each trading and nontrading business. Market risk expo- sure trends, value-at-risk trends, profit and loss changes, and portfolio con- centrations are reported weekly to business management and monthly to senior management. In addition, the results of comprehensive, monthly stress tests are presented to business and senior management. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 75 Operational risk management Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors, or external events. Overview Operational risk is inherent in each of the Firm ’s businesses and support activities. Operational risk can manifest itself in various ways, including errors, business interruptions, inappropriate behavior of employees and vendors that do not perform in accordance with outsourcing arrangements. These events can potentially result in financial losses and other damage to the Firm, includ- ing reputational harm. To monitor and control operational risk, the Firm maintains a system of com- prehensive policies and a control framework designed to provide a sound and well-controlled operational environment. The goal is to keep operational risk at appropriate levels, in light of the Firm’s financial strength, the characteris- tics of its businesses, the markets in which it operates, and the competitive and regulatory environment to which it is subject. Notwithstanding these con- trol measures, the Firm incurs operational losses. The Firm’s approach to operational risk management is intended to mitigate such losses by supplementing the traditional control-based approach to oper- ational risk with risk measures, tools and disciplines that are risk-specific, consistently applied and utilized firmwide. Key themes are transparency of information, escalation of key issues and accountability for issue resolution. Risk identification and measurement Risk identification is the recognition of the operational risk events that man- agement believes may give rise to operational losses. In 2004, JPMorgan Chase redesigned the underlying architecture of its firmwide self-assessment process, and began implementing the process throughout the heritage Bank One business units. The goal of the self-assess- ment process is for each business to identify the key operational risks specific to its environment and assess the degree to which it maintains appropriate controls. Action plans are developed for control issues identified, and busi- nesses are held accountable for tracking and resolving these issues on a time- ly basis. All businesses were required to perform semiannual self-assessments in 2004, which were completed by the businesses through the use of software applications developed by the Firm. Going forward, the Firm will utilize the self-assessment process as a dynamic risk management tool. Risk monitoring The Firm has a process for monitoring operational risk-event data, permitting analysis of errors and losses as well as trends. Such analysis, performed both at a line-of-business level and by risk event type, enables identification of the causes associated with risk events faced by the businesses. Where available, the internal data can be supplemented with external data for comparative analysis with industry patterns. The data reported will enable the Firm to back-test against self-assessment results. Risk reporting and analysis Operational risk management reports provide timely and accurate information to the lines of business and senior management, including information about actual operational loss levels and self-assessment results. The purpose of these reports is to enable management to maintain operational risk at appro- priate levels within each line of business, to escalate issues and to provide consistent data aggregation across the Firm’s business and support areas. During 2004, the Firm implemented Phoenix, a new internally-designed oper- ational risk architecture model. Phoenix integrates the individual components of the operational risk management framework into a unified, web-based tool. When fully implemented, Phoenix will enable the Firm to enhance its reporting and analysis of operational risk data, leading to improved risk man- agement and financial performance. Phoenix will also facilitate the ability of businesses to leverage existing processes to comply with risk management- related regulatory requirements thereby leading to increased efficiencies in the Firm’s management of operational risk. For purposes of reporting and analysis, the Firm categorizes operational risk events as follows: • Client service and selection • Business practices • Fraud, theft and malice • Execution, delivery and process management • Employee disputes • Disasters and public safety • Technology and infrastructure failures Audit alignment Internal Audit utilizes a risk-based program of audit coverage to provide an independent assessment of the design and effectiveness of key controls over the Firm’s operations, regulatory compliance and reporting. Internal Audit partners with business management and members of the control community in providing guidance on the operational risk framework, and reviews the effectiveness and accuracy of the business self-assessment process as part of its business unit audits. A firm’s success depends not only on its prudent management of liquidity, credit, market, operational and business risks, but equally on the maintenance among many constituents – clients, investors, regulators, as well as the gener- al public – of a reputation for business practices of the highest quality. Attention to reputation has always been a key aspect of the Firm ’s practices, and maintenance of reputation is the responsibility of everyone at the Firm. JPMorgan Chase bolsters this individual responsibility in many ways: through the Code of Conduct, training, policies and oversight functions that approve transactions. These oversight functions include a Conflicts Office, which exam- ines wholesale transactions with the potential to create conflicts of interest or role for the Firm. Policy review office The Firm has an additional structure to address certain transactions with clients, especially complex derivatives and structured finance transactions, that have the potential to adversely affect its reputation. This structure rein- forces the Firm’s procedures for examining transactions in terms of appropri- ateness, ethical issues and reputational risk, and it intensifies the Firm’s scrutiny of the purpose and effect of its transactions from the client ’s point of view, with the goal that these transactions not be used to mislead investors or others. The structure operates at three levels: as part of every business’s transaction approval process; through review by regional Policy Review Committees; and through oversight by the Policy Review Office. Primary responsibility for adherence to the policies and procedures designed to address reputation risk lies with the business units conducting the transac- tions in question. The Firm’s transaction approval process requires review and sign-off from, among others, internal legal/compliance, conflicts, tax and accounting groups. Transactions involving an SPE established by the Firm receive particular scrutiny to ensure that every such entity is properly approved, documented, monitored and controlled. Business units are also required to submit to regional Policy Review Committees proposed transactions that may heighten reputation risk – particularly a Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 76 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report client’s motivation and its intended financial disclosure of the transaction. The committees approve, reject or require further clarification on or changes to the transactions. The members of these committees are senior representatives of the business and support units in the region. The committees may escalate transaction review to the Policy Review Office. The Policy Review Office is the most senior approval level for client transac- tions involving reputation risk issues. The mandate of the Office is to opine on specific transactions brought by the Regional Committees and consider changes in policies or practices relating to reputation risk. The head of the office consults with the Firm’s most senior executives on specific topics and provides regular updates. Aside from governance and guidance on specific transactions, the objective of the policy review process is to reinforce a culture, through a “case study” approach, that ensures that all employees, regardless of seniority, understand the basic principles of reputation risk control and can recognize and address issues as they arise. Fiduciary risk management The Firm maintains risk management committees within each of its lines of business that include in their mandate the oversight of legal, reputational and fiduciary-related risks in their businesses that may produce significant losses or reputational damage. The Fiduciary Risk Management function works with the line-of-business risk committees to ensure that businesses providing investment or risk management products or services perform at the appropri- ate standard relative to their relationship with a client, whether it be fiduciary or non-fiduciary in nature. Of particular focus are the policies and practices that address a business’ responsibilities to a client including client suitability determination, disclosure obligations, disclosure communications and performance expectations with respect to the investment and risk manage- ment products or services being provided by the Firm. In this way, the line-of- business risk committees, together with the Fiduciary Risk Management func- tion, provide oversight of the Firm’s efforts to monitor, measure and control the risks that may arise in the delivery of such products or services to clients, as well as those stemming from the Firm ’s responsibilities undertaken on behalf of employees. Private equity risk management Risk management The Firm’s private equity business employs processes for risk measurement and control of private equity risk that are similar to those used for other busi- nesses within the Firm. The processes are coordinated with the Firm’s overall approach to market and concentration risk. Private equity risk is initially moni- tored through the use of industry and geographic limits. Additionally, to man- age the pace of new investments, a ceiling on the amount of annual private equity investment activity has been established. At December 31, 2004, the carrying value of the private equity portfolio was $7.5 billion. Private Equity’s publicly-held securities create a significant exposure to general declines in the equity markets. Initially to gauge that risk, VAR and stress-test exposures are calculated in the same way as they are for the Firm’s trading and nontrading portfolios. However, because VAR assumes that positions can be exited in a normal market, JPMorgan Chase believes that the VAR for publicly-held securities does not necessarily represent the true value-at-risk for these holdings nor is it indicative of the loss potential for these holdings, due to the fact that most of the positions are subject to sale restrictions and, often, represent significant concentration of ownership. Accordingly, Private Equity management undertakes frequent reviews of its publicly-held securities investments as part of a disciplined approach to sales and risk management issues. Risk management programs are limited but are considered when practi- cal and as circumstances dictate. Over time, the Firm may change the nature and type of Private equity risk management programs it enters into. Reputation and fiduciary risk management JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 77 JPMorgan Chase’s accounting policies and use of estimates are integral to understanding its reported results. The Firm’s most complex accounting esti- mates require management’s judgment to ascertain the valuation of assets and liabilities. The Firm has established detailed policies and control proce- dures intended to ensure that valuation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well controlled, independently reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodolo- gies occurs in an appropriate manner. The Firm believes its estimates for determining the valuation of its assets and liabilities are appropriate. The fol- lowing is a brief description of the Firm ’s critical accounting estimates involv- ing significant valuation judgments. Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase’s Allowance for credit losses covers the wholesale and con- sumer loan portfolios as well as the Firm ’s portfolio of wholesale lending- related commitments. The Allowance for loan losses is intended to adjust the value of the Firm’s loan assets for probable credit losses as of the balance sheet date. For a further discussion of the methodologies used in establishing the Firm’s Allowance for credit losses, see Note 12 on pages 102–103 of this Annual Report. Wholesale loans and lending-related commitments The methodology for calculating both the Allowance for loan losses and the Allowance for lending-related commitments involves significant judgment. First and foremost, it involves the early identification of credits that are deteri- orating. Second, it involves management judgment to derive loss factors. Third, it involves management judgment to evaluate certain macroeconomic factors, underwriting standards, and other relevant internal and external fac- tors affecting the credit quality of the current portfolio and to refine loss fac- tors to better reflect these conditions. The Firm uses a risk rating system to determine the credit quality of its whole- sale loans. Wholesale loans are reviewed for information affecting the oblig- or’s ability to fulfill its obligations. In assessing the risk rating of a particular loan, among the factors considered include the obligor ’s debt capacity and financial flexibility, the level of the obligor’s earnings, the amount and sources for repayment, the level and nature of contingencies, management strength, and the industry and geography in which the obligor operates. These factors are based on an evaluation of historical and current information, and involve subjective assessment and interpretation. Emphasizing one factor over anoth- er, or considering additional factors that may be relevant in determining the risk rating of a particular loan, but which are not currently an explicit part of the Firm’s methodology, could impact the risk rating assigned by the Firm to that loan. Management applies its judgment to derive loss factors associated with each credit facility. These loss factors are determined by facility structure, collateral and type of obligor. Wherever possible, the Firm uses independent, verifiable data or the Firm’s own historical loss experience in its models for estimating these loss factors. Many factors can affect management’s estimates of loss, including volatility of loss given default, probability of default and rating migrations. Judgment is applied to determine whether the loss given default should be calculated as an average over the entire credit cycle or at a particu- lar point in the credit cycle. The application of different loss given default fac- tors would change the amount of the Allowance for credit losses determined appropriate by the Firm. Similarly, there are judgments as to which external data on probability of default should be used, and when they should be used. Choosing data that are not reflective of the Firm ’s specific loan portfolio char- acteristics could affect loss estimates. Management also applies its judgment to adjust the loss factors derived taking into consideration model imprecision, external factors and economic events that have occurred but are not yet reflected in the loss factors. The resultant adjustments to the statistical calculation of losses on the performing portfolio are determined by creating estimated ranges using historical experi- ence of both loss given default and probability of default. Factors related to concentrated and deteriorating industries are also incorporated where rele- vant. The estimated ranges and the determination of the appropriate point within the range are based upon management ’s view of uncertainties that relate to current macroeconomic and political conditions, quality of underwrit- ing standards and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the current portfolio. The adjustment to the statistical calcula- tion for the wholesale loan portfolio for the period ended December 31, 2004, was $990 million, the maximum amount within the range, based on management’s assessment of current economic conditions. Consumer loans For scored loans (generally consumer lines of business), loss is primarily deter- mined by applying statistical loss factors and other risk indicators to pools of loans by asset type. These loss estimates are sensitive to changes in delin- quency status, credit bureau scores, the realizable value of collateral, and other risk factors. Adjustments to the statistical calculation are accomplished in part by analyzing the historical loss experience for each major product segment. Management analyzes the range of credit loss experienced for each major portfolio segment taking into account economic cycles, portfolio seasoning, and underwriting criteria and then formulates a range that incorporates relevant risk factors that impact overall credit performance. The recorded adjustment to the statis- tical calculation for the period ended December 31, 2004 was $1.0 billion, based on management’s assessment of current economic conditions. Fair value of financial instruments A portion of JPMorgan Chase’s assets and liabilities are carried at fair value, including trading assets and liabilities, AFS securities and private equity invest- ments. Held-for-sale loans and mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) are carried at the lower of fair value or cost. At December 31, 2004, approximately $417 billion of the Firm’s assets were recorded at fair value. The fair value of a financial instrument is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The majority of the Firm’s assets reported at fair value are based on quoted market prices or on inter- nally developed models that utilize independently sourced market parameters, including interest rate yield curves, option volatilities and currency rates. The degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of a financial instrument is dependent upon the availability of quoted market prices or observable market parameters. For financial instruments that are actively traded and have quoted market prices or parameters readily available, Critical accounting estimates used by the Firm Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 78 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report there is little to no subjectivity in determining fair value. When observable market prices and parameters do not exist, management judgment is neces- sary to estimate fair value. The valuation process takes into consideration fac- tors such as liquidity and concentration concerns and, for the derivatives port- folio, counterparty credit risk (see the discussion of CVA on page 63 of this Annual Report). For example, there is often limited market data to rely on when estimating the fair value of a large or aged position. Similarly, judgment must be applied in estimating prices for less readily observable external parameters. Finally, other factors such as model assumptions, market disloca- tions and unexpected correlations can affect estimates of fair value. Imprecision in estimating these factors can impact the amount of revenue or loss recorded for a particular position. Trading and available-for-sale portfolios Substantially all of the Firm’s securities held for trading and investment purposes (“long” positions) and securities that the Firm has sold to other parties but does not own (“short” positions) are valued based on quoted market prices. However, certain securities are less actively traded and, therefore, are not always able to be valued based on quoted market prices. The determination of their fair value requires management judgment, as this determination may require benchmarking to similar instruments or analyzing default and recovery rates. Examples include certain collateralized mortgage and debt obligations and high-yield debt securities. As few derivative contracts are listed on an exchange, the majority of the Firm’s derivative positions are valued using internally developed models that use as their basis readily observable market parameters – that is, parameters that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources, including industry-pricing services. Certain derivatives, however, are valued based on models with significant unobservable market parameters – that is, parameters that may be estimated and are, therefore, subject to management judgment to substantiate the model valuation. These instruments are normally either less actively traded or trade activity is one-way. Examples include long-dated inter- est rate or currency swaps, where swap rates may be unobservable for longer maturities, and certain credit products, where correlation and recovery rates are unobservable. Due to the lack of observable market data, the Firm defers the initial trading profit for these financial instruments. The deferred profit is recognized in Trading revenue on a systematic basis and when observable mar- ket data becomes available. Management judgment includes recording fair value adjustments (i.e., reductions) to model valuations to account for parame- ter uncertainty when valuing complex or less actively traded derivative transac- tions. The following table summarizes the Firm’s trading and available-for-sale portfolios by valuation methodology at December 31, 2004: Trading assets Trading liabilities Securities Securities AFS purchased (a) Derivatives (b) sold(a) Derivatives (b) securities Fair value based on: Quoted market prices 92% 1% 99% 1% 94% Internal models with significant observable market parameters 59 7 19 7 2 Internal models with significant unobservable market parameters 32 — 24 Total 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% (a) Reflected as debt and equity instruments on the Firm ’s Consolidated balance sheets. (b) Based on gross mark-to-market valuations of the Firm ’s derivatives portfolio prior to netting positions pursuant to FIN 39, as cross-product netting is not relevant to an analysis b ased upon valuation methodologies. To ensure that the valuations are appropriate, the Firm has various controls in place. These include: an independent review and approval of valuation mod- els; detailed review and explanation for profit and loss analyzed daily and over time; decomposing the model valuations for certain structured derivative instruments into their components and benchmarking valuations, where pos- sible, to similar products; and validating valuation estimates through actual cash settlement. As markets and products develop and the pricing for certain derivative products becomes more transparent, the Firm refines its valuation methodologies. The Valuation Control Group within the Finance area, a group independent of the risk-taking function, is responsible for reviewing the accu- racy of the valuations of positions taken within the Investment Bank. For a discussion of market risk management, including the model review process, see Market risk management on pages 70–74 of this Annual Report. For further details regarding the Firm’s valuation methodologies, see Note 29 on pages 121–124 of this Annual Report. Loans held-for-sale The fair value of loans in the held-for-sale portfolio is generally based on observable market prices of similar instruments, including bonds, credit deriva- tives and loans with similar characteristics. If market prices are not available, fair value is based on the estimated cash flows, adjusted for credit risk that is discounted using a rate appropriate for each maturity that incorporates the effects of interest rate changes. Private equity investments Valuation of private investments held primarily by the Private Equity business within Corporate requires significant management judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, inherent lack of liquidity and the long-term nature of such assets. Private investments are initially valued based on cost. The carrying values of private investments are adjusted from cost to reflect both positive and negative changes evidenced by financing events with third- party capital providers. In addition, these investments are subject to ongoing JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 79 impairment reviews by Private Equity’s senior investment professionals. A vari- ety of factors are reviewed and monitored to assess impairment including, but not limited to, operating performance and future expectations, industry valua- tions of comparable public companies, changes in market outlook and the third-party financing environment over time. The Valuation Control Group within the Finance area is responsible for reviewing the accuracy of the carry- ing values of private investments held by Private Equity. For additional infor- mation about private equity investments, see the Private equity risk management discussion on page 76 and Note 9 on pages 98 –100 of this Annual Report. MSRs and certain other retained interests in securitizations MSRs and certain other retained interests from securitization activities do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. For example, sales of MSRs do occur, but the precise terms and conditions are typically not readily available. Accordingly, the Firm estimates the fair value of MSRs and certain other retained interests in securitizations using a discounted future cash flow model. For MSRs, the model considers portfolio characteristics, con- tractually specified servicing fees and prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenues, costs to service and other eco- nomic factors. For other retained interests in securitizations (such as interest- only strips), the model is generally based on projections of finance charges related to the securitized assets, net credit losses, average life, and contractu- al interest paid to the third-party investors. Changes in the assumptions used may have a significant impact on the Firm ’s valuation of retained interests. Management believes that the fair values and related assumptions utilized in the models are comparable to those used by other market participants. For a further discussion of the most significant assumptions used to value retained interests in securitizations and MSRs, as well as the applicable stress tests for those assumptions, see Notes 13 and 15 on pages 103 –106 and 109–111, respectively, of this Annual Report. Goodwill impairment Under SFAS 142, goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment. The Firm tests goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate that there may be justification for conducting an interim test. Impairment testing is performed at the reporting-unit level (which is generally one level below the six major business segments identified in Note 31 on pages 126–127 of this Annual Report, plus Private Equity which is included in Corporate). The first part of the test is a comparison, at the reporting unit level, of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including good- will. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, then the second part of the test is needed to measure the amount of potential goodwill impairment. The implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill is calculated and compared to the carrying amount of goodwill recorded in the Firm’s financial records. If the carrying value of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, then the Firm would recognize an impairment loss in the amount of the difference, which would be recorded as a charge against Net income. The fair values of the reporting units are determined using discounted cash flow models based on each reporting unit ’s internal forecasts. In addition, analysis using market-based trading and transaction multiples, where available, are used to assess the reasonableness of the valuations derived from the discounted cash flow models. Goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2004 or December 31, 2003, nor was any goodwill written off during the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002. See Note 15 on page 109 of this Annual Report for addition- al information related to the nature and accounting for goodwill and the car- rying values of goodwill by major business segment. Management’s discussion and analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. 80 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report In the normal course of business, JPMorgan Chase trades nonexchange-trad- ed commodity contracts. To determine the fair value of these contracts, the Firm uses various fair value estimation techniques, which are primarily based on internal models with significant observable market parameters. The Firm’s nonexchange-traded commodity contracts are primarily energy-related con- tracts. The following table summarizes the changes in fair value for nonex- change-traded commodity contracts for the year ended December 31, 2004: For the year ended December 31, 2004 (in millions) Asset position Liability position Net fair value of contracts outstanding at January 1, 2004 $ 1,497 $ 751 Effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements 834 919 Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at January 1, 2004 2,331 1,670 Contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period (5,486) (4,139) Fair value of new contracts 1,856 1,569 Changes in fair values attributable to changes in valuation techniques and assumptions —— Other changes in fair value 5,052 4,132 Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2004 3,753 3,232 Effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements (2,304) (2,233) Net fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2004 $ 1,449 $ 999 The following table indicates the schedule of maturities of nonexchange- traded commodity contracts at December 31, 2004: At December 31, 2004 (in millions) Asset position Liability position Maturity less than 1 year $ 1,999 $ 1,874 Maturity 1 –3 years 1,266 1,056 Maturity 4 –5 years 454 293 Maturity in excess of 5 years 34 9 Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2004 3,753 3,232 Effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements (2,304) (2,233) Net fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2004 $ 1,449 $ 999 Nonexchange-traded commodity contracts at fair value Accounting for income taxes – repatriation of foreign earnings under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 In December 2004, the FASB issued FSP SFAS 109-2, which provides account- ing and disclosure guidance for the foreign earnings repatriation provision within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the “Act”). The Act was signed into law on October 22, 2004. The Act creates a temporary incentive for U.S. companies to repatriate accu- mulated foreign earnings at a substantially reduced U.S. effective tax rate by providing a dividends received deduction on the repatriation of certain for- eign earnings to the U.S. taxpayer (the “repatriation provision”). The new deduction is subject to a number of limitations and requirements. Clarification to key elements of the repatriation provision from Congress or the U.S. Treasury Department may affect an enterprise’s evaluation of the effect of the Act on its plan for repatriation or reinvestment of foreign earnings. The FSP pro- vides a practical exception to the SFAS 109 requirement to reflect the effect of a new tax law in the period of enactment, because of the lack of clarification to cer- tain provisions within the Act and the timing of the enactment. Thus, companies have additional time to assess the effect of the Act on its plan for reinvestment or repatriation of foreign earnings for purposes of applying SFAS 109. A company should apply the provisions of SFAS 109 (i.e., reflect the tax impact in the finan- cial statements) in the period in which it makes the decision to repatriate or rein- vest unremitted foreign earnings in accordance with the Act. Decisions can be made in stages (e.g., by foreign country). The repatriation provision is effective for either the 2004 or 2005 tax years for calendar year taxpayers. The range of possible amounts that may be considered for repatriation under this provision is between zero and $1.9 billion. The Firm is currently assessing the impact of the repatriation provision and, at this time, cannot reasonably estimate the related range of income tax effects of such repatriation provision. Accordingly, the Firm has not reflected the tax effect of the repatriation provi- sion in income tax expense or income tax liabilities. Accounting for share-based payments In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 123R, which revises SFAS 123 and supersedes APB 25. Accounting and reporting under SFAS 123R is generally similar to the SFAS 123 approach. However, SFAS 123R requires all share- based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Accounting and reporting developments JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 81 The Firm has continued to account for stock options that were outstanding as of December 31, 2002 under APB 25 using the intrinsic value method. Therefore, compensation expense for some previously granted awards that was not recognized under SFAS 123 will be recognized under SFAS 123R. Had the Firm adopted SFAS 123R in prior periods, the impact would have approximated the impact of SFAS 123 as described in the disclosure of pro forma net income and earnings per share as presented in Note 7 on page 97 of this Annual Report. SFAS 123R must be adopted no later than July 1, 2005. SFAS 123R permits adoption using one of two methods – modified prospective or modified retrospective. The Firm is currently evaluating both the timing and method of adopting the new standard. Impairment of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities In September 2004, the FASB issued FSP EITF 03-1-1, indefinitely delaying the measurement provisions of EITF 03-1. The disclosure requirements of EITF 03-1 remain effective and are included in Note 9 on pages 98 –100 of this Annual Report. EITF 03-1 addresses issues related to other-than-tempo- rary impairment for securities classified as either available-for-sale or held-to- maturity under SFAS 115 (including individual securities and investments in mutual funds) and for investments accounted for under the cost method. A proposed FSP addressing these issues was issued by the FASB and is expect- ed to be finalized in 2005. The impact of EITF 03-1, if any, to the Firm’s investment portfolios will not be known until the final consensus is issued. Accounting for interest rate lock commitments (“IRLCs”) IRLCs associated with mortgages to be held for sale represent commitments to extend credit at specified interest rates. On March 9, 2004, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued SAB No. 105, which summarizes the views of the Securities and Exchange Commission staff regarding the application of U.S. GAAP to loan commitments accounted for as derivative instruments. SAB 105 states that the value of the servicing asset should not be included in the estimate of fair value of IRLCs. SAB 105 is applicable for all IRLCs accounted for as derivatives and entered into on or after April 1, 2004. Prior to April 1, 2004, JPMorgan Chase recorded IRLCs at estimated fair value. The fair value of IRLCs included an estimate of the value of the loan servicing right inherent in the underlying loan, net of the estimated costs to close the loan. Effective April 1, 2004, and as a result of SAB 105, the Firm no longer assigns fair value to IRLCs on the date they are entered into, with any initial gain being recognized upon the sale of the resultant loan. Also in connection with SAB 105, the Firm records any changes in the value of the IRLCs, excluding the servicing asset component, due to changes in interest rates after they are locked. Adopting SAB 105 did not have a material impact on the Firm’s 2004 Consolidated financial statements. Accounting for certain loans or debt securities acquired in a transfer In December 2003, the AICPA issued SOP 03-3, which requires that loans purchased at a discount due to poor credit quality be recorded at fair value and prohibits the recognition of a loss accrual or valuation allowance at the time of purchase. SOP 03-3 also limits the yield that may be accreted to the excess of the undiscounted expected cash flows over the initial investment in the loan. Subsequent increases in expected cash flows are recognized prospectively through an adjustment of yield over its remaining life and decreases in expected cash flows are recognized as an impairment. For JPMorgan Chase entities, SOP 03-3 became effective for loans or debt securities acquired after December 31, 2004. Accounting for postretirement health care plans that provide prescription drug benefits In December 2003, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Act”) was enacted. In May 2004, the FASB issued FSP SFAS 106-2, which provides guidance on accounting for the Act. For additional information, see Note 6 on page 92–95 of this Annual Report. In early 2005, the federal government issued additional guidance about how to apply certain provisions of the Act, which may lead to future accounting adjustments. Such adjustments, however, are not expected to be material. Accounting for variable interest entities In December 2003, the FASB issued a revision to FIN 46 to address various technical corrections and implementation issues that had arisen since the issuance of FIN 46. Effective March 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase implemented FIN 46R for all VIEs, excluding certain investments made by its private equity business. Implementation of FIN 46R did not have a material effect on the Firm’s Consolidated financial statements. The application of FIN 46R involved significant judgement and interpretations by management. The Firm is aware of differing interpretations being devel- oped among accounting professionals and the EITF with regard to analyzing derivatives under FIN 46R. Management’s current interpretation is that deriv- atives should be evaluated by focusing on an economic analysis of the rights and obligations of a VIE’s assets, liabilities, equity, and other contracts, while considering: the entity’s activities and design; the terms of the derivative con- tract and the role it has with entity; and whether the derivative contract cre- ates and/or absorbs variability of the VIE. The Firm will continue to monitor developing interpretations. Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting JPMorgan Chase & Co. 82 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Management of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Firm’s principal executive, principal operating and prin- cipal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by JPMorgan Chase’s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. JPMorgan Chase’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposi- tions of the Firm’s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Firm are being made only in accordance with author- izations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and directors; and (3) provide rea- sonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Firm’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004. In making the assessment, management used the framework in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework” promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred to as the “COSO” criteria. Based on the assessment performed, management concluded that as of December 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the COSO criteria. Additionally, based on manage- ment’s assessment, the Firm determined that there were no material weak- nesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004. Management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , JPMorgan Chase’s independent registered public accounting firm, who also audited the Firm’s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2004, as stated in their report which is included herein. William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Dimon President and Chief Operating Officer Michael J. Cavanagh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2005 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 83 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.: We have completed an integrated audit of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s 2004 consolidated financial statements and of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 and audits of its 2003 and 2002 consoli- dated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our opinions, based on our audits, are presented below. Consolidated financial statements In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the relat- ed consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) at December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2004 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s manage- ment. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial state- ments based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit of financial statements includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and sig- nificant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Internal control over financial reporting Also, in our opinion, management’s assessment, included in the accompany- ing Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting, that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”), is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on those criteria. Furthermore, in our opinion, the Company main- tained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial report- ing as of December 31, 2004, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by COSO. The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial P RICEWATERHOUSE COOPERS LLP • 300 M ADISON AVENUE • NEW YORK, NY 10017 reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on management’s assess- ment and on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over finan- cial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was main- tained in all material respects. An audit of internal control over financial reporting includes obtaining an understanding of internal control over finan- cial reporting, evaluating management’s assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we consider necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accor- dance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of manage- ment and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. February 22, 2005 Report of independent registered public accounting firm JPMorgan Chase & Co. 84 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report84 Consolidated statements of income JPMorgan Chase & Co. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Revenue Investment banking fees $ 3,537 $ 2,890 $ 2,763 Trading revenue 3,612 4,427 2,675 Lending & deposit related fees 2,672 1,727 1,674 Asset management, administration and commissions 7,967 5,906 5,754 Securities/private equity gains 1,874 1,479 817 Mortgage fees and related income 1,004 923 988 Credit card income 4,840 2,466 2,307 Other income 830 601 458 Noninterest revenue 26,336 20,419 17,436 Interest income 30,595 24,044 25,936 Interest expense 13,834 11,079 13,758 Net interest income 16,761 12,965 12,178 Total net revenue 43,097 33,384 29,614 Provision for credit losses 2,544 1,540 4,331 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 14,506 11,387 10,693 Occupancy expense 2,084 1,912 1,606 Technology and communications expense 3,702 2,844 2,554 Professional & outside services 3,862 2,875 2,587 Marketing 1,335 710 689 Other expense 2,859 1,694 1,802 Amortization of intangibles 946 294 323 Total noninterest expense before merger costs and litigation reserve charge 29,294 21,716 20,254 Merger costs 1,365 — 1,210 Litigation reserve charge 3,700 100 1,300 Total noninterest expense 34,359 21,816 22,764 Income before income tax expense 6,194 10,028 2,519 Income tax expense 1,728 3,309 856 Net income $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 Net income applicable to common stock $ 4,414 $ 6,668 $ 1,612 Net income per common share Basic earnings per share $ 1.59 $ 3.32 $ 0.81 Diluted earnings per share 1.55 3.24 0.80 Average basic shares 2,780 2,009 1,984 Average diluted shares 2,851 2,055 2,009 Cash dividends per common share $ 1.36 $ 1.36 $ 1.36 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 85 Consolidated balance sheets JPMorgan Chase & Co. At December 31, (in millions, except share data) 2004 2003(a) Assets Cash and due from banks $ 35,168 $ 20,268 Deposits with banks 21,680 10,175 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 101,354 76,868 Securities borrowed 47,428 41,834 Trading assets (including assets pledged of $77,266 at December 31, 2004, and $81,312 at December 31, 2003) 288,814 252,871 Securities: Available-for-sale (including assets pledged of $26,881 at December 31, 2004, and $31,639 at December 31, 2003) 94,402 60,068 Held-to-maturity (fair value: $117 at December 31, 2004, and $186 at December 31, 2003) 110 176 Interests in purchased receivables 31,722 4,752 Loans 402,114 214,766 Allowance for loan losses (7,320) (4,523) Loans, net of Allowance for loan losses 394,794 210,243 Private equity investments 7,735 7,250 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 21,409 12,356 Premises and equipment 9,145 6,487 Goodwill 43,203 8,511 Other intangible assets: Mortgage servicing rights 5,080 4,781 Purchased credit card relationships 3,878 1,014 All other intangibles 5,726 685 Other assets 45,600 52,573 Total assets $ 1,157,248 $ 770,912 Liabilities Deposits: U.S. offices: Noninterest-bearing $ 129,257 $ 73,154 Interest-bearing 261,673 125,855 Non-U.S. offices: Noninterest-bearing 6,931 6,311 Interest-bearing 123,595 121,172 Total deposits 521,456 326,492 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 127,787 113,466 Commercial paper 12,605 14,284 Other borrowed funds 9,039 8,925 Trading liabilities 151,207 149,448 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (including the Allowance for lending-related commitments of $492 at December 31, 2004, and $324 at December 31, 2003) 75,722 45,066 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 48,061 12,295 Long-term debt 95,422 48,014 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities 10,296 6,768 Total liabilities 1,051,595 724,758 Commitments and contingencies (see Note 25 of this Annual Report) Stockholders’ equity Preferred stock 339 1,009 Common stock (authorized 9,000,000,000 shares and 4,500,000,000 shares at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively; issued 3,584,747,502 shares and 2,044,436,509 shares at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively) 3,585 2,044 Capital surplus 72,801 13,512 Retained earnings 30,209 29,681 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (208) (30) Treasury stock, at cost (28,556,534 shares at December 31, 2004, and 1,816,495 shares at December 31, 2003) (1,073) (62) Total stockholders’ equity 105,653 46,154 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 1,157,248 $ 770,912 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 86 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity JPMorgan Chase & Co. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Preferred stock Balance at beginning of year $ 1,009 $ 1,009 $ 1,009 Redemption of preferred stock (670) —— Balance at end of year 339 1,009 1,009 Common stock Balance at beginning of year 2,044 2,024 1,997 Issuance of common stock 72 20 27 Issuance of common stock for purchase accounting acquisitions 1,469 —— Balance at end of year 3,585 2,044 2,024 Capital surplus Balance at beginning of year 13,512 13,222 12,495 Issuance of common stock and options for purchase accounting acquisitions 55,867 —— Shares issued and commitments to issue common stock for employee stock-based awards and related tax effects 3,422 290 727 Balance at end of year 72,801 13,512 13,222 Retained earnings Balance at beginning of year 29,681 25,851 26,993 Net income 4,466 6,719 1,663 Cash dividends declared: Preferred stock (52) (51) (51) Common stock ($1.36 per share each year) (3,886) (2,838) (2,754) Balance at end of year 30,209 29,681 25,851 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at beginning of year (30) 1,227 (442) Other comprehensive income (loss) (178) (1,257) 1,669 Balance at end of year (208) (30) 1,227 Treasury stock, at cost Balance at beginning of year (62) (1,027) (953) Purchase of treasury stock (738) —— Reissuance from treasury stock — 1,082 107 Share repurchases related to employee stock-based awards (273) (117) (181) Balance at end of year (1,073) (62) (1,027) Total stockholders’ equity $ 105,653 $ 46,154 $ 42,306 Comprehensive income Net income $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 Other comprehensive income (loss) (178) (1,257) 1,669 Comprehensive income $ 4,288 $ 5,462 $ 3,332 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 87 Consolidated statements of cash flows JPMorgan Chase & Co. Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Operating activities Net income $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision for credit losses 2,544 1,540 4,331 Depreciation and amortization 3,835 3,101 2,979 Deferred tax (benefit) provision (827) 1,428 1,636 Investment securities (gains) losses (338) (1,446) (1,563) Private equity unrealized (gains) losses (766) (77) 641 Net change in: Trading assets (48,703) (2,671) (58,183) Securities borrowed (4,816) (7,691) 2,437 Accrued interest and accounts receivable (2,391) 1,809 677 Other assets (17,588) (9,916) 6,182 Trading liabilities 29,764 15,769 25,402 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 13,277 5,973 (11,664) Other operating adjustments (262) 63 328 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (21,805) 14,601 (25,134) Investing activities Net change in: Deposits with banks (4,196) (1,233) 3,801 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (13,101) (11,059) (2,082) Other change in loans (136,851) (171,779) (98,695) Held-to-maturity securities: Proceeds 66 221 85 Purchases — — (40) Available-for-sale securities: Proceeds from maturities 45,197 10,548 5,094 Proceeds from sales 134,534 315,738 219,385 Purchases (173,745) (301,854) (244,547) Loans due to sales and securitizations 108,637 170,870 97,004 Net cash received (used) in business acquisitions 13,839 (669) (72) All other investing activities, net 2,544 1,635 (3,277) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (23,076) 12,418 (23,344) Financing Activities Net change in: Deposits 52,082 21,851 11,103 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 7,065 (56,017) 41,038 Commercial paper and other borrowed funds (4,343) 555 (4,675) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and capital debt securities 25,344 17,195 11,971 Repayments of long-term debt and capital debt securities (16,039) (8,316) (12,185) Net issuance of stock and stock-based awards 848 1,213 725 Redemption of preferred stock (670) —— Redemption of preferred stock of subsidiary — — (550) Treasury stock purchased (738) —— Cash dividends paid (3,927) (2,865) (2,784) All other financing activities, net (26) 133 — Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 59,596 (26,251) 44,643 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and due from banks 185 282 453 Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks 14,900 1,050 (3,382) Cash and due from banks at the beginning of the year 20,268 19,218 22,600 Cash and due from banks at the end of the year $ 35,168 $ 20,268 $ 19,218 Cash interest paid $ 13,384 $ 10,976 $ 13,534 Cash income taxes paid $ 1,477 $ 1,337 $ 1,253 Note: The fair values of noncash assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Merger with Bank One were $320.9 billion and $27 7.0 billion, respectively. Approximately 1,469 million shares of common stock, valued at approximately $57.3 billion, were issued in connection with the merger with Bank One. (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The Notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 88 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report When the SPE does not meet the QSPE criteria, consolidation is assessed pur- suant to FIN 46R. Under FIN 46R, a VIE is defined as an entity that: (1) lacks enough equity investment at risk to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, (2) has equity owners that lack the right to make significant decisions affecting the entity’s operations, and/or (3) has equity owners that do not have an obliga- tion to absorb or the right to receive the entity’s losses or returns. FIN 46R requires a variable interest holder (i.e., a counterparty to a VIE) to consolidate the VIE if that party will absorb a majority of the expected losses of the VIE, receive a majority of the residual returns of the VIE, or both. This party is considered the primary beneficiary of the entity. The determination of whether the Firm meets the criteria to be considered the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires an evaluation of all transactions (such as investments, liquidity commitments, derivatives and fee arrangements) with the entity and an expected loss calculation when necessary. For further details, see Note 14 on pages 106–109 of this Annual Report. Prior to the Firm’s adoption of FIN 46 on July 1, 2003, the decision of whether or not to consolidate depended on the applicable accounting princi- ples for non-QSPEs, including a determination regarding the nature and amount of investment made by third parties in the SPE. Consideration was given to, among other factors, whether a third party had made a substantive equity investment in the SPE; which party had voting rights, if any; who made decisions about the assets in the SPE; and who was at risk of loss. The SPE was consolidated if JPMorgan Chase retained or acquired control over the risks and rewards of the assets in the SPE. Financial assets are derecognized when they meet the accounting sale criteria. Those criteria are: (1) the assets are legally isolated from the Firm’s creditors; (2) the entity can pledge or exchange the financial assets or, if the entity is a QSPE, its investors can pledge or exchange their interests; and (3) the Firm does not maintain effective control via an agreement to repurchase the assets before their maturity or have the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return the assets. All significant transactions and retained interests between the Firm, QSPEs and nonconsolidated VIEs are reflected on JPMorgan Chase’s Consolidated balance sheets or in the Notes to consoli- dated financial statements. Investments in companies that are considered to be voting-interest entities under FIN 46R, in which the Firm has significant influence over operating and financing decisions (generally defined as owning a voting or economic interest of 20% to 50%) are accounted for in accordance with the equity method of accounting. These investments are generally included in Other assets, and the Firm’s share of income or loss is included in Other income. For a discussion of private equity investments, see Note 9 on pages 98–100 of this Annual Report. Assets held for clients in an agency or fiduciary capacity by the Firm are not assets of JPMorgan Chase and are not included in the Consolidated balance sheets. Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated financial statements The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could be different from these estimates. Note 1 – Basis of presentation JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”), a financial hold- ing company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations in more than 50 countries. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and businesses, finan- cial transaction processing, investment management, private banking and private equity. For a discussion of the Firm’s business segment information, see Note 31 on pages 126–127 of this Annual Report. The accounting and financial reporting policies of JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and prevailing industry practices. Additionally, where applicable, the policies conform to the accounting and reporting guide- lines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. Certain amounts in the prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include accounts of JPMorgan Chase and other entities in which the Firm has a controlling financial interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority of the voting interests of an entity. However, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as special purpose entities (“SPEs”), through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. SPEs are an important part of the financial markets, providing market liquidity by facilitating investors’ access to specific portfolios of assets and risks. They are, for example, critical to the functioning of the mortgage- and asset- backed securities and commercial paper markets. SPEs may be organized as trusts, partnerships or corporations and are typically set up for a single, dis- crete purpose. SPEs are not typically operating entities and usually have a lim- ited life and no employees. The basic SPE structure involves a company selling assets to the SPE. The SPE funds the purchase of those assets by issuing secu- rities to investors. The legal documents that govern the transaction describe how the cash earned on the assets must be allocated to the SPE’s investors and other parties that have rights to those cash flows. SPEs can be structured to be bankruptcy-remote, thereby insulating investors from the impact of the creditors of other entities, including the seller of the assets. There are two different accounting frameworks applicable to SPEs; the quali- fying SPE (“QSPE”) framework under SFAS 140; and the variable interest entity (“VIE”) framework under FIN 46R. The applicable framework depends on the nature of the entity and the Firm’s relation to that entity. The QSPE framework is applicable when an entity transfers (sells) financial assets to an SPE meeting certain criteria as defined in SFAS 140. These criteria are designed to ensure that the activities of the entity are essentially predeter- mined in their entirety at the inception of the vehicle and that the transferor of the financial assets cannot exercise control over the entity and the assets therein. Entities meeting these criteria are not consolidated by the transferor or other counterparty, as long as the entity does not have the unilateral abili- ty to liquidate or to cause it to no longer meet the QSPE criteria. The Firm pri- marily follows the QSPE model for securitizations of its residential and com- mercial mortgages, credit card loans and automobile loans. For further details, see Note 13 on pages 103–106 of this Annual Report. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 89 Foreign currency translation Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using applicable rates of exchange. JPMorgan Chase translates revenues and expenses using exchange rates at the transaction date. Gains and losses relating to translating functional currency financial state- ments for U.S. reporting are included in Other comprehensive income (loss) within Stockholders’ equity. Gains and losses relating to nonfunctional currency transactions, including non-U.S. operations where the functional currency is the U.S. dollar and operations in highly inflationary environments, are reported in the Consolidated statements of income. Statements of cash flows For JPMorgan Chase’s Consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are defined as those amounts included in Cash and due from banks. Significant accounting policies The following table identifies JPMorgan Chase’s significant accounting poli- cies and the Note and page where a detailed description of each policy can be found: Trading activities Note 3 Page 90 Other noninterest revenue Note 4 Page 91 Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans Note 6 Page 92 Employee stock-based incentives Note 7 Page 95 Securities and private equity investments Note 9 Page 98 Securities financing activities Note 10 Page 100 Loans Note 11 Page 101 Allowance for credit losses Note 12 Page 102 Loan securitizations Note 13 Page 103 Variable interest entities Note 14 Page 106 Goodwill and other intangible assets Note 15 Page 109 Premises and equipment Note 16 Page 111 Income taxes Note 22 Page 115 Derivative instruments and hedging activities Note 26 Page 118 Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees Note 27 Page 119 Fair value of financial instruments Note 29 Page 121 Note 2 – Business changes and developments Merger with Bank One Corporation Bank One Corporation merged with and into JPMorgan Chase (the “Merger”) on July 1, 2004. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of com- mon stock of Bank One was converted in a stock-for-stock exchange into 1.32 shares of common stock of JPMorgan Chase; cash payments for frac- tional shares were approximately $3.1 million. JPMorgan Chase stockholders kept their shares, which remained outstanding and unchanged as shares of JPMorgan Chase following the Merger. Key objectives of the Merger were to provide the Firm with a more balanced business mix and greater geographic diversification. The Merger was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of Bank One be fair valued as of July 1, 2004. The purchase price to complete the Merger was $58.5 billion. The purchase price of the Merger has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using their fair values at the merger date. The compu- tation of the purchase price and the allocation of the purchase price to the net assets of Bank One – based on their respective fair values as of July 1, 2004 – and the resulting goodwill are presented below. The allocation of the purchase price may be modified through June 30, 2005, as more information is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. (in millions, except per share amounts) July 1, 2004 Purchase price Bank One common stock exchanged 1,113 Exchange ratio 1.32 JPMorgan Chase common stock issued 1,469 Average purchase price per JPMorgan Chase common share (a) $ 39.02 $ 57,336 Fair value of employee stock awards and direct acquisition costs 1,210 Total purchase price $ 58,546 Net assets acquired: Bank One stockholders’ equity $ 24,156 Bank One goodwill and other intangible assets (2,754) Subtotal 21,402 Adjustments to reflect assets acquired at fair value: Loans and leases (2,261) Private equity investments (75) Identified intangibles 8,665 Pension plan assets (778) Premises and equipment (427) Other assets (262) Amounts to reflect liabilities assumed at fair value: Deposits (373) Deferred income taxes 767 Postretirement plan liabilities (49) Other liabilities (975) Long-term debt (1,234) 24,400 Goodwill resulting from Merger $ 34,146 (a) The value of the Firm’s common stock exchanged with Bank One shareholders was based on the average closing prices of the Firm’s common stock for the two days prior to, and the two days following, the announcement of the Merger on January 14, 2004. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 90 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Unaudited condensed statement of net assets acquired The following unaudited condensed statement of net assets acquired reflects the fair value of Bank One net assets as of July 1, 2004. (in millions) July 1, 2004 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 14,669 Securities 70,512 Interests in purchased receivables 30,184 Loans, net of allowance 129,650 Goodwill and other intangible assets 42,811 All other assets 47,731 Total assets $ 335,557 Liabilities Deposits $ 164,848 Short-term borrowings 9,811 All other liabilities 61,472 Long-term debt 40,880 Total Liabilities 277,011 Net assets acquired $ 58,546 Acquired, identifiable intangible assets Components of the fair value of acquired, identifiable intangible assets as of July 1, 2004 were as follows: Weighted average Useful life (in millions) Fair value life (in years) (in years) Core deposit intangibles $ 3,650 5.1 Up to 10 Purchased credit card relationships 3,340 4.6 Up to 10 Other credit card–related intangibles 295 4.6 Up to 10 Other customer relationship intangibles 870 4.6–10.5 Up to 20 Subtotal 8,155 5.1 Up to 20 Indefinite-lived asset management intangibles 510 NA NA Total $ 8,665 5.1 Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presents the results of operations of the Firm had the Merger taken place at January 1, 2003. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003 Noninterest revenue $ 31,175 $ 28,966 Net interest income 21,366 21,715 Total net revenue 52,541 50,681 Provision for credit losses 2,727 3,570 Noninterest expense 40,504 33,136 Income before income tax expense 9,310 13,975 Net income $ 6,544 $ 9,330 Net income per common share: Basic $ 1.85 $ 2.66 Diluted 1.81 2.61 Average common shares outstanding: Basic 3,510 3,495 Diluted 3,593 3,553 Other acquisitions During 2004, JPMorgan Chase purchased the Electronic Financial Services (“EFS”) business from Citigroup and acquired a majority interest in hedge fund manager Highbridge Capital Management (“Highbridge”). Note 3 – Trading activities Trading assets include debt and equity securities held for trading purposes that JPMorgan Chase owns (“long” positions). Trading liabilities include debt and equity securities that the Firm has sold to other parties but does not own (“short” positions). The Firm is obligated to purchase securities at a future date to cover the short positions. Included in Trading assets and Trading liabil- ities are the reported receivables (unrealized gains) and payables (unrealized losses) related to derivatives. These amounts include the effect of master net- ting agreements as permitted under FIN 39. Effective January 1, 2004, the Firm elected to report the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities net of cash received and paid, respectively, under legally enforceable master netting agreements. At December 31, 2004, the amount of cash received and paid was approximately $32.2 billion and $22.0 billion, respectively. Trading posi- tions are carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets. Trading revenue Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Fixed income and other (b) $ 2,976 $ 4,046 $ 2,527 Equities (c) 797 764 331 Credit portfolio (d) (161) (383) (183) Total $ 3,612 $ 4,427 $ 2,675 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes bonds and commercial paper and various types of interest rate derivatives as well as foreign exchange and commodities. (c) Includes equity securities and equity derivatives. (d) Includes credit derivatives JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 91 Trading assets and liabilities The following table presents the fair value of Trading assets and Trading liabilities for the dates indicated: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Trading assets Debt and equity instruments: U.S. government, federal agencies/corporations obligations and municipal securities $ 43,866 $ 44,678 Certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and commercial paper 7,341 5,765 Debt securities issued by non-U.S. governments 50,699 36,243 Corporate securities and other 120,926 82,434 Total debt and equity instruments 222,832 169,120 Derivative receivables: Interest rate 45,892 60,176 Foreign exchange 7,939 9,760 Equity 6,120 8,863 Credit derivatives 2,945 3,025 Commodity 3,086 1,927 Total derivative receivables 65,982 83,751 Total trading assets $ 288,814 $252,871 Trading liabilities Debt and equity instruments (b) $ 87,942 $ 78,222 Derivative payables: Interest rate 41,075 49,189 Foreign exchange 8,969 10,129 Equity 9,096 8,203 Credit derivatives 2,499 2,672 Commodity 1,626 1,033 Total derivative payables 63,265 71,226 Total trading liabilities $ 151,207 $ 149,448 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Primarily represents securities sold, not yet purchased. Average Trading assets and liabilities were as follows for the periods indicated: Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Trading assets – debt and equity instruments $200,467 $ 154,597 $149,173 Trading assets – derivative receivables 59,521 85,628 73,641 Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments (b) $ 82,204 $ 72,877 $ 64,725 Trading liabilities – derivative payables 52,761 67,783 57,607 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Primarily represents securities sold, not yet purchased. Note 4 – Other noninterest revenue Investment banking fees This revenue category includes advisory and equity and debt underwriting fees. Advisory fees are recognized as revenue when related services are performed. Underwriting fees are recognized as revenue when the Firm has rendered all services to the issuer and is entitled to collect the fee from the issuer, as long as there are no other contingencies associated with the fee (e.g., not contingent on the customer obtaining financing). Underwriting fees are net of syndicate expenses. In addition, the Firm recognizes credit arrange- ment and syndication fees as revenue after satisfying certain retention, timing and yield criteria. The following table presents the components of Investment banking fees: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Underwriting: Equity $ 780 $ 699 $ 464 Debt 1,859 1,549 1,543 Total Underwriting 2,639 2,248 2,007 Advisory 898 642 756 Total $ 3,537 $ 2,890 $ 2,763 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Lending & deposit related fees This revenue category includes fees from loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, deposit services in lieu of compensating bal- ances, cash management-related activities or transactions, deposit accounts, and other loan servicing activities. These fees are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided. Asset management, administration and commissions This revenue category includes fees from investment management and related services, custody and institutional trust services, brokerage services, insurance premiums and commissions and other products. These fees are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided. Mortgage fees and related income This revenue category includes fees and income derived from mortgage origina- tion, sales and servicing; and includes the effect of risk management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline, warehouse and the mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) asset (excluding gains and losses on the sale of Available-for- sale (“AFS”) securities). Origination fees and gains or losses on loan sales are recognized in income upon sale. Mortgage servicing fees are recognized over the period the related service is provided, net of amortization. Valuation changes in the mortgage pipeline, warehouse, MSR asset and corresponding risk manage- ment instruments are generally adjusted through earnings as these changes occur. Net interest income and securities gains and losses on AFS securities used in mortgage-related risk management activities are not included in Mortgage fees and related income. For a further discussion of MSRs, see Note 15 on pages 109–111 of this Annual Report. Credit card income This revenue category includes interchange income (i.e., transaction-processing fees) from credit and debit cards, annual fees, and servicing fees earned in con- nection with securitization activities. Also included in this category are volume- related payments to partners and rewards expense. Fee revenues are recognized as earned, except for annual fees, which are recognized over a 12-month period. Credit card revenue sharing agreements The Firm has contractual agreements with numerous affinity organizations and co-brand partners, which grant to the Firm exclusive rights to market to their members or customers. These organizations and partners provide to the Firm their endorsement of the credit card programs, mailing lists, and may also conduct marketing activities, and provide awards under the various credit card programs. The terms of these agreements generally range from 3 to 10 years. The economic incentives the Firm pays to the endorsing organizations and partners typically include payments based on new accounts, activation, charge volumes, and the cost of their marketing activities and awards. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 92 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report In December 2003, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Act”) was enacted. The Act established a prescription drug benefit under Medicare (“Medicare Part D”) and a federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans that provide a benefit that is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. The Firm has deter- mined that benefits provided to certain participants will be at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D and has reflected the estimated effects of the subsidy in its financial statements and disclosures retroactive to the beginning of 2004 (July 1, 2004 for Bank One Plans) in accordance with FSP SFAS 106-2. Defined benefit pension plans The Firm has a qualified noncontributory U.S. defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to substantially all U.S. employees. The U.S. plan employs a cash balance formula, in the form of salary and interest credits, to determine the benefits to be provided at retirement, based on eligible com- pensation and years of service. Employees begin to accrue plan benefits after completing one year of service, and benefits vest after five years of service. The Firm also offers benefits through defined benefit pension plans to qualify- ing employees in certain non-U.S. locations based on eligible compensation and years of service. It is the Firm’s policy to fund its pension plans in amounts sufficient to meet the requirements under applicable employee benefit and local tax laws. In 2004, the Firm made a cash contribution to its U.S. defined benefit pension plan of $1.1 billion on April 1, funding the plan to the maximum allowable amount under applicable tax law. Additionally, the Firm made cash contribu- tions totaling $40 million to fully fund the accumulated benefit obligations of certain non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2004. Based on the current funded status of the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, the Firm does not expect to make significant contributions in 2005. Postretirement medical and life insurance JPMorgan Chase offers postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain retirees and qualifying U.S. employees. These benefits vary with length of service and date of hire and provide for limits on the Firm’s share of covered medical benefits. The medical benefits are contributory, while the life insurance benefits are noncontributory. Postretirement medical benefits are also offered to qualifying U.K. employees. JPMorgan Chase’s U.S. postretirement benefit obligation is partially funded with corporate-owned life insurance (“COLI”) purchased on the lives of eligible employees and retirees. While the Firm owns the COLI policies, COLI proceeds (death benefits, withdrawals and other distributions) may be used only to reimburse the Firm for its net postretirement benefit claim payments and related administrative expenses. The U.K. postretirement benefit plan is unfunded. The following tables present the funded status and amounts reported on the Consolidated balance sheets, the accumulated benefit obligation and the components of net periodic benefit costs reported in the Consolidated state- ments of income for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans. The Firm recognizes the portion of its payments based on new accounts to the affinity organizations and co-brand partners as deferred loan origination costs. The Firm defers these costs and amortizes them over 12 months. The Firm expenses payments based on marketing efforts performed by the endorsing organization or partner to activate a new account after the account has been originated as incurred. Payments based on charge volumes and considered by the Firm as revenue sharing with the affinity organizations and co-brand part- ners, are deducted from Credit card income as the related revenue is earned. Note 5 – Interest income and interest expense Details of Interest income and Interest expense were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions)(a) 2004 2003 2002 Interest Income Loans $ 16,771 $ 11,812 $ 12,709 Securities 3,377 3,542 3,367 Trading assets 7,527 6,592 6,798 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 1,627 1,497 2,078 Securities borrowed 463 323 681 Deposits with banks 539 214 303 Interests in purchased receivables 291 64 — Total interest income 30,595 24,044 25,936 Interest Expense Interest-bearing deposits 4,600 3,604 5,253 Short-term and other liabilities 6,290 5,871 7,038 Long-term debt 2,466 1,498 1,467 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 478 106 — Total interest expense 13,834 11,079 13,758 Net interest income 16,761 12,965 12,178 Provision for credit losses 2,544 1,540 4,331 Net interest income after provision for credit losses $ 14,217 $ 11,425 $ 7,847 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Note 6 – Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans New U.S.-based postretirement plans were approved in 2004 and the prior plans of JPMorgan Chase and Bank One were merged as of December 31, 2004. The Firm’s defined benefit pension plans are accounted for in accordance with SFAS 87 and SFAS 88. Its postretirement medical and life insurance plans are accounted for in accordance with SFAS 106. The Firm uses a measurement date of December 31 for its pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans. The fair value of plan assets is used to determine the expected return on plan assets for its U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans. For the U.S. postretirement benefit plan, the market- related value, which recognizes changes in fair value over a five-year period, is used to determine the expected return on plan assets. Unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses are amortized over the average remaining service period of active plan participants, if required. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 93 Defined benefit pension plans U.S. Non-U.S. Postretirement benefit plans (d) December 31, (in millions) 2004(a) 2003(b) 2004(a) 2003(b) 2004(a)(c) 2003(b) Change in benefit obligation Benefit obligation at beginning of year $ (4,633) $ (4,241) $ (1,659) $ (1,329) $ (1,252) $ (1,126) Merger with Bank One (2,497) NA (25) NA (216) NA Benefits earned during the year (251) (180) (17) (16) (15) (15) Interest cost on benefit obligations (348) (262) (87) (74) (81) (73) Plan amendments 70 (89) — (1) 32 — Employee contributions — — — (1) (36) (11) Actuarial gain (loss) (511) (262) (99) (125) (163) (134) Benefits paid 555 386 64 55 167 113 Curtailments 21 15 — — (8) (2) Special termination benefits — — (12) (1) (2) — Foreign exchange impact and other — — (134) (167) (3) (4) Benefit obligation at end of year $ (7,594) $ (4,633) $ (1,969) $ (1,659) $ (1,577) $ (1,252) Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year $ 4,866 $ 4,114 $ 1,603 $ 1,281 $ 1,149 $ 1,020 Merger with Bank One 3,280 NA 20 NA 98 NA Actual return on plan assets 946 811 164 133 84 154 Firm contributions 1,100 327 40 87 2 2 Benefits paid (555) (386) (64) (43) (31) (27) Settlement payments — — — (12) — — Foreign exchange impact and other — — 126 157 — — Fair value of plan assets at end of year $ 9,637 (e) $ 4,866 (e) $ 1,889 $ 1,603 $ 1,302 $ 1,149 Reconciliation of funded status Funded status $ 2,043 $ 233 $ (80) $ (56) $ (275) $ (103) Unrecognized amounts: Net transition asset — — (1) (1) — — Prior service cost 47 137 4 5 (23) 8 Net actuarial (gain) loss 997 920 590 564 321 156 Prepaid benefit cost reported in Other assets $ 3,087 $ 1,290 $ 513 (f) $ 512 (f) $2 3 $6 1 Accumulated benefit obligation $ (7,167) $ (4,312) $ (1,931) $ (1,626) NA NA (a) Effective July 1, 2004, the Firm assumed the obligations of heritage Bank One’s pension and other postretirement plans. These plans were similar to those of JPMorgan Chase and were merged into the Firm’s plans effective December 31, 2004. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) The effect of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 resulted in a $35 million reduction i n the Accumulated other postretirement benefit obligation. (d) Includes postretirement benefit obligation of $43 million and $36 million and postretirement benefit liability (included in Accrued expenses) of $57 million and $54 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, for the UK plan, which is unfunded. (e) At December 31, 2004 and 2003, approximately $358 million and $315 million, respectively, of U.S. plan assets relate to surplus assets of group annuity contracts. (f) At December 31, 2004 and 2003, Accrued expenses related to non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans that JPMorgan Chase elected not to pre-fund fully totaled $124 million and $99 million, respectively. Defined benefit pension plans U.S. Non-U.S. Postretirement benefit plans For the year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 Components of net periodic benefit costs Benefits earned during the period $ 251 $ 180 $ 174 $1 7 $1 6 $1 6 $1 5 $1 5 $1 2 Interest cost on benefit obligations 348 262 275 87 74 62 81 73 69 Expected return on plan assets (556) (322) (358) (90) (83) (76) (86) (92) (98) Amortization of unrecognized amounts: Prior service cost 13 67 1 —— — 12 Net actuarial (gain) loss 23 62 — 44 35 6 — — (10) Curtailment (gain) loss 7 21 5 — 8 (3) 8 2 (8) Settlement (gain) loss — —— (1) — (2) — —— Special termination benefits — —— 11 —3 2 —5 7 Net periodic benefit costs reported in Compensation expense $8 6 $ 190 $ 113 $6 9 $5 0 $ 6 $2 0 (b) $ (1) $ 24 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) The effect of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 resulted in a $5 million reduction in the Firm’s net periodic benefit costs. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 94 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report JPMorgan Chase has a number of other defined benefit pension plans (i.e., U.S. plans not subject to Title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act). The most significant of these plans is the Excess Retirement Plan, pursuant to which certain employees earn service credits on compensation amounts above the maximum stipulated by law. This plan is a nonqualified, noncontributory U.S. pension plan with an unfunded liability at December 31, 2004 and 2003, in the amount of $292 million and $178 million, respectively. Compensation expense related to the Firm’s other defined benefit pension plans totaled $28 million in 2004, $19 million in 2003 and $15 million in 2002. Plan assumptions JPMorgan Chase’s expected long-term rate of return for U.S. pension and other postretirement plan assets is a blended average of its investment advisor’s projected long-term (10 years or more) returns for the various asset classes, weighted by the portfolio allocation. Asset-class returns are developed using a forward-looking building-block approach and are not based strictly on his- torical returns. Equity returns are generally developed as the sum of inflation, expected real earnings growth and expected long-term dividend yield. Bond returns are generally developed as the sum of inflation, real bond yields and risk spreads (as appropriate), adjusted for the expected effect on returns from changing yields. Other asset-class returns are derived from their relationship to the equity and bond markets. long-term rate of return on the Firm’s COLI postretirement plan assets remained at 7%; however, with the merger of Bank One’s other postretirement plan assets, the Firm’s overall expected long-term rate of return on U.S. postretirement plan assets decreased to 6.80% to reflect a weighted average expected rate of return for the merged plan. The changes as of December 31, 2004, to the dis- count rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is expect- ed to increase 2005 U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses by approximately $41 million. The impact of any changes to the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets on non-U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses is not expected to be material. JPMorgan Chase’s U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses are most sensitive to the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. With all other assumptions held constant, a 25–basis point decline in the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets would result in an increase of approximately $25 million in 2005 U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses. Additionally, a 25–basis point decline in the discount rate for the U.S. plans would result in an increase in 2005 U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit expenses of approximately $16 million and an increase in the related projected benefit obligations of approximately $215 million. U.S. Non-U.S. For the year ended December 31, 2004 2003 2004 2003 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations Discount rate 5.75% 6.00% 2.00-5.30% 2.00-5.40% Rate of compensation increase 4.50 4.50 1.75-3.75 1.75-3.75 U.S. Non-U.S. For the year ended December 31, 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs Discount rate 6.00% 6.50% 7.25% 2.00-5.75% 1.50-5.60% 2.50-6.00% Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets: Pension 7.50-7.75 8.00 9.25 3.00-6.50 2.70-6.50 3.25-7.25 Postretirement benefit 4.75-7.00 8.00 9.00 NA NA NA Rate of compensation increase 4.25-4.50 4.50 4.50 1.75-3.75 1.25-3.00 2.00-4.00 In the United Kingdom, which represents the most significant of the non-U.S. pension plans, procedures similar to those in the United States are used to develop the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, taking into consideration local market conditions and the specific allocation of plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return on U.K. plan assets is an aver- age of projected long-term returns for each asset class, selected by reference to the yield on long-term U.K. government bonds and AA-rated long-term corporate bonds, plus an equity risk premium above the risk-free rate. The discount rate used in determining the benefit obligation under the U.S. pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans is selected by refer- ence to the year-end Moody’s corporate AA rate, as well as other high-quality indices with similar duration to that of the respective plan’s benefit obliga- tions. The discount rate for the U.K. postretirement plans is selected by refer- ence to the year-end iBoxx £ corporate AA 15-year-plus bond rate. The following tables present the weighted-average annualized actuarial assumptions for the projected and accumulated benefit obligations, and the components of net periodic benefit costs for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans, as of year-end. The following tables present JPMorgan Chase’s assumed weighted-average medical benefits cost trend rate, which is used to measure the expected cost of benefits at year-end, and the effect of a one-percentage-point change in the assumed medical benefits cost trend rate. December 31, 2004 2003(a) 2002(a) Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 10% 10% 9% Rate to which cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 5 55 Year that rate reaches ultimate trend rate 2012 2010 2008 (in millions) 1-Percentage- 1-Percentage- For the year ended December 31,2004 point increase point decrease Effect on total service and interest costs $5 $ (4) Effect on postretirement benefit obligation 71 (62) (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. At December 31, 2004, the Firm reduced the discount rate used to determine its U.S. benefit obligations to 5.75%. The Firm also reduced the 2005 expected long-term rate of return on its U.S. pension plan assets to 7.50%. The expected Defined benefit pension plans U.S. Non-U.S. (a) Postretirement benefit plans (b) Target % of plan assets Target % of plan assets Target % of plan assets December 31, Allocation 2004 2003(c) Allocation 2004 2003(c) Allocation 2004 2003(c) Asset class Debt securities 40% 38% 41% 74% 74% 70% 50% 46% 50% Equity securities 50 53 53 26 26 24 50 54 50 Real estate 5 5 5— — —— — — Other 5 4 1— — 6— — — Total 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% (a) Represents the U.K. defined benefit pension plan only, as plans outside the U.K. are not significant. (b) Represents the U.S. postretirement benefit plan only, as the U.K. plan is unfunded. (c) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 95 Investment strategy and asset allocation The investment policy for the Firm’s postretirement employee benefit plan assets is to optimize the risk-return relationship as appropriate to the respective plan’s needs and goals, using a global portfolio of various asset classes diversified by market segment, economic sector and issuer. Specifically, the goal is to optimize the asset mix for future benefit obligations, while managing various risk factors and each plan’s investment return objectives. For example, long-duration fixed income securities are included in the U.S. qualified pension plan’s asset alloca- tion, in recognition of its long-duration obligations. Plan assets are managed by a combination of internal and external investment managers and, on a quarterly basis, are rebalanced to target, to the extent economically practical. The Firm’s U.S. pension plan assets are held in various trusts and are invested in well diversified portfolios of equity (including U.S. large and small capital- ization and international equities), fixed income (including corporate and Estimated future benefit payments The following table presents benefit payments expected to be paid, which include the effect of expected future service for the years indicated. The postretirement medical and life insurance payments are net of expected retiree contributions and the estimated Medicare Part D subsidy. Non- U.S. and U.K. Year ended December 31, U.S. pension U.S. pension postretirement (in millions) benefits benefits benefits 2005 $ 619 $ 60 $ 113 2006 578 62 110 2007 592 65 112 2008 606 67 114 2009 621 70 116 Years 2010–2014 3,352 387 588 Defined contribution plans JPMorgan Chase offers several defined contribution plans in the U.S. and in cer- tain non-U.S. locations. The most significant of these is the JPMorgan Chase 401(k) Savings Plan, covering substantially all U.S. employees. This plan allows employees to make pre-tax contributions to tax-deferred investment portfolios. The Firm matches eligible employee contributions up to a certain percentage of benefits eligible compensation per pay period, subject to plan and legal limits. Employees begin to receive matching contributions after completing a specified service requirement and are immediately vested in such company contributions. The Firm’s defined contribution plans are administered in accordance with appli- cable local laws and regulations. Compensation expense related to these plans totaled $317 million in 2004, $240 million in 2003 and $251 million in 2002. Note 7 – Employee stock-based incentives Effective January 1, 2003, JPMorgan Chase adopted SFAS 123 using the prospective transition method. SFAS 123 requires all stock-based compensation awards, including stock options and stock-settled stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), to be accounted for at fair value. Stock options that were outstanding as of December 31, 2002 continue to be accounted for under APB 25 using the intrinsic value method. Under this method, no expense is recognized for stock options or SARs granted at the stock price on grant date, since such options have no intrinsic value. The Firm currently uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock options and SARs. Compensation expense for restricted stock and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is measured based on the number of shares granted and the stock price at the grant date. Compensation expense is recognized in earnings over the required service period. In connection with the Merger, JPMorgan Chase converted all outstanding Bank One employee stock-based awards at the merger date, and those awards became exercisable for or based upon JPMorgan Chase common stock. The number of awards converted, and the exercise prices of those awards, was adjusted to take into account the Merger exchange ratio of 1.32. On December 16, 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 123R, which revises SFAS 123 and supersedes APB 25. Accounting and reporting under SFAS 123R is generally similar to the SFAS 123 approach except that SFAS 123R requires all share- based payments to employees, including grants of stock options and SARs, to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. SFAS 123R must be adopted no later than July 1, 2005. SFAS 123R permits adoption using one of two methods — modified prospective or modified retrospective. The Firm is cur- rently evaluating both the timing and method of adopting the new standard. government bonds), Treasury inflation-indexed and high-yield securities, cash equivalents and other securities. Non-U.S. pension plan assets are similarly invested in well-diversified portfolios of equity, fixed income and other securi- ties. Assets of the Firm’s COLI policies, which are used to fund partially the U.S. postretirement benefit plan, are held in separate accounts with an insur- ance company and are invested in equity and fixed income index funds. In addition, tax-exempt municipal debt securities, held in a trust, are used to fund the U.S. postretirement benefit plan. Assets used to fund the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans include $53 million of JPMorgan Chase common stock in addition to JPMorgan Chase common stock held in connection with investments in third-party stock-index funds. The following table presents the weighted-average asset allocation at December 31 for the years indicated, and the respective target allocation by asset category, for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 96 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Key employee stock-based awards JPMorgan Chase grants long-term stock-based incentive awards to certain key employees under two plans (the “LTI Plans”): the 1996 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “1996 Plan”), as amended and approved by shareholders in May 2000, provides for grants of stock options, SARs, restricted stock and RSU awards, and the Stock Option Plan, a nonshareholder-approved plan, provides for grants of stock options and SARs. In 2004, 14.5 million SARs settled only in shares and 2.2 million nonqualified stock options were granted under the 1996 Plan. Under the LTI Plans, stock options and SARs are granted with an exercise price equal to JPMorgan Chase’s common stock price on the grant date. Generally, options and SARs cannot be exercised until at least one year after the grant date and become exercisable over various periods as determined at the time of the grant. These awards generally expire 10 years after the grant date. The following table presents a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s option and SAR activity under the LTI Plans during the last three ye ars: 2004 2003 2002 Year ended December 31, (a) Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average (in thousands) options/SARs exercise price options exercise price options exercise price Outstanding, January 1 294,026 $ 39.88 298,731 $ 40.84 272,304 $ 41.23 Granted 16,667 39.79 26,751 22.15 53,230 36.41 Bank One Conversion, July 1 111,287 29.63 NA NA NA NA Exercised (27,763) 25.33 (14,574) 17.47 (9,285) 16.85 Canceled (17,887) 46.68 (16,882) 47.57 (17,518) 45.59 Outstanding, December 31 376,330 $ 37.59 294,026 $ 39.88 298,731 $ 40.84 Exercisable, December 31 246,945 $ 36.82 176,163 $ 37.88 144,421 $ 34.91 (a) 2004 includes six months of awards for the combined Firm and six months of awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase. All other peri ods reflect the awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The following table details the distribution of options and SARs outstanding under the LTI Plans at December 31, 2004: Options/SARs outstanding Options/SARs exercisable (in thousands) Weighted-average Weighted-average remaining Weighted-average Range of exercise prices Outstanding exercise price contractual life (in years) Exercisable exercise price $3.41–$20.00 9,715 $ 17.67 0.9 9,707 $ 17.66 $20.01–$35.00 131,767 26.99 6.1 77,537 27.02 $35.01–$50.00 144,521 40.05 5.7 123,585 40.23 $50.01–$65.58 90,327 51.27 5.8 36,116 51.34 Total 376,330 $ 37.59 5.8 246,945 $ 36.82 recipient is entitled to receive cash payments equivalent to any dividends paid on the underlying common stock during the period the RSU is outstanding. The vesting of certain awards issued prior to 2002 is conditioned upon cer- tain service requirements being met and JPMorgan Chase’s common stock reaching and sustaining target prices within a five-year performance period. During 2002, it was determined that it was no longer probable that the tar- get stock prices related to forfeitable awards granted in 1999, 2000, and 2001 would be achieved within their respective performance periods, and accordingly, previously accrued expenses were reversed. The target stock prices for these awards range from $73.33 to $85.00. Forfeitures of the 1999 awards in 2004 equaled 1.2 million shares; and 1.2 million shares of the 2000 award were forfeited in January 2005. The 2001 awards will be forfeit- ed in January 2006 if their stock price targets are not achieved. Broad-based employee stock options In January 2004, JPMorgan Chase granted a total of 6.3 million options and SARs to all eligible full-time (75 options each) and part-time (38 options each) employees under the Value Sharing Plan, a nonshareholder-approved plan. The exercise price is equal to JPMorgan Chase’s common stock price on the grant date. The options become exercisable over various periods and gen- erally expire 10 years after the grant date. The following table presents a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s restricted stock and RSU activity under the 1996 Plan during the last three years: (in thousands) Number of restricted stock/RSUs Year ended December 31, (a) 2004 2003 2002 Outstanding, January 1 85,527 55,886 48,336 Granted 32,514 44,552 24,624 Bank One conversion 15,116 NA NA Lapsed (b) (43,349) (12,545) (15,203) Forfeited (4,709) (2,366) (1,871) Outstanding, December 31 85,099 85,527 55,886 (a) 2004 results include six months of awards for the combined Firm and six months of awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase. All other periods reflect the awards for heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Lapsed awards represent both restricted stock for which restrictions have lapsed and RSUs that have been converted into common stock. Restricted stock and RSUs are granted by JPMorgan Chase under the 1996 Plan at no cost to the recipient. These awards are subject to forfeiture until certain restrictions have lapsed, including continued employment for a speci- fied period. The recipient of a share of restricted stock is entitled to voting rights and dividends on the common stock. An RSU entitles the recipient to receive a share of common stock after the applicable restrictions lapse; the The following table presents a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s broad-based employee stock option plan and SAR activity during the p ast three years: Year ended December 31, (a) 2004 2003 2002 Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average Number of Weighted-average (in thousands) options/SARs exercise price options exercise price options exercise price Outstanding, January 1 117,822 $ 39.11 113,155 $ 40.62 87,393 $ 41.86 Granted 6,321 39.96 12,846 21.87 32,550 36.85 Exercised (5,960) 15.26 (2,007) 13.67 (674) 15.01 Canceled (5,999) 39.18 (6,172) 37.80 (6,114) 41.14 Outstanding, December 31 112,184 $ 40.42 117,822 $ 39.11 113,155 $ 40.62 Exercisable, December 31 30,082 $ 36.33 36,396 $ 32.88 38,864 $ 31.95 (a) All awards are for heritage JPMorgan Chase employees only. The following table details the distribution of broad-based employee stock options and SARs outstanding at December 31, 2004: Options/SARs outstanding Options/SARs exercisable (in thousands) Weighted-average Weighted-average remaining Weighted-average Range of exercise prices Outstanding exercise price contractual life (in years) Exercisable exercise price $ 20.01–$35.00 17,750 $ 24.72 5.6 7,319 $ 28.79 $ 35.01–$50.00 73,298 41.11 5.6 22,763 38.76 $ 50.01–$51.22 21,136 51.22 6.1 — — Total(a) 112,184 $ 40.42 5.7 30,082 $ 36.33 (a) All awards are for heritage JPMorgan Chase employees only. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 97 The following table presents JPMorgan Chase’s weighted-average grant-date fair values for the employee stock-based compensation awards granted, and the assumptions used to value stock options and SARs under a Black-Scholes valuation model: Year ended December 31, (a) 2004 2003 2002 Weighted-average grant-date fair value Stock options: Key employee $ 13.04 $ 5.60 $ 11.57 Broad-based employee 10.71 4.98 13.01 Converted Bank One options 14.05 NA NA Restricted stock and RSUs (all payable solely in stock) 39.58 22.03 36.28 Weighted-average annualized stock option valuation assumptions Risk-free interest rate 3.44% 3.19% 4.61% Expected dividend yield (b) 3.59 5.99 3.72 Expected common stock price volatility 41 44 39 Assumed weighted-average expected life of stock options (in years) Key employee 6.8 6.8 6.8 Broad-based employee 3.8 3.8 6.8 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Based primarily on historical data at the grant dates. Comparison of the fair and intrinsic value measurement methods Pre-tax employee stock-based compensation expense related to these plans totaled $1.3 billion in 2004, $919 million in 2003 and $590 million in 2002. In response to the fact that the adoption of SFAS 123 eliminated the difference in the expense impact of issuing options and restricted stock, the Firm changed its incentive compensation policies upon the adoption of SFAS 123 to permit employees to elect to receive incentive awards in the form of options, restricted stock or a combination of both. The $266 million impact of the adoption of SFAS 123 in 2003 is comprised of (i) $86 million representing the value of stock options granted during 2003 and (ii) $180 million representing the value of restricted stock granted during 2003 that would have been issuable solely in the form of stock options prior to the adoption of SFAS 123. The following table presents net income (after-tax) and basic and diluted earn- ings per share as reported, and as if all outstanding awards were accounted for at fair value: Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions, except per share data) 2004 2003 2002 Net income as reported $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 Add: Employee stock-based compensation expense originally included in reported net income 778 551 354 Deduct: Employee stock-based compensation expense determined under the fair value method for all awards (960) (863) (1,232) Pro forma net income $ 4,284 $ 6,407 $ 785 Earnings per share: Basic: As reported $ 1.59 $ 3.32 $ 0.81 Pro forma 1.52 3.16 0.37 Diluted: As reported $ 1.55 $ 3.24 $ 0.80 Pro forma 1.48 3.09 0.37 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 98 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Note 9 – Securities and private equity investments Securities are classified as AFS, Held-to-maturity (“HTM”) or Trading. Trading securities are discussed in Note 3 on pages 90–91. Securities are classified as AFS when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to or in anticipation of changes in market conditions, or as part of the Firm’s manage- ment of its structural interest rate risk. AFS securities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains and losses after SFAS 133 valuation adjustments are reported as net increases or decreases to Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The specific identification method is used to determine realized gains and losses on AFS securities, which are included in Securities /private equity gains on the Consolidated statements of income. Securities that the Firm has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as HTM and are carried at amortized cost on the Consolidated balance sheets. The following table presents realized gains and losses from AFS securities and private equity gains (losses): Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Realized gains $ 576 $ 2,123 $ 1,904 Realized losses (238) (677) (341) Net realized securities gains 338 1,446 1,563 Private equity gains (losses) 1,536 33 (746) Total Securities/private equity gains $ 1,874 $ 1,479 $ 817 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of AFS and held-to-maturity securities were as follows for the dates indicated: 2004 2003(a) Gross Gross Gross Gross Amortized unrealized unrealized Fair Amortized unrealized unrealized Fair December 31, (in millions) cost gains losses value cost gains losses value Available-for-sale securities U.S. government and federal agencies/ corporations obligations: Mortgage-backed securities $ 46,577 $ 165 $ 601 $ 46,141 $ 32,248 $ 101 $ 417 $ 31,932 Collateralized mortgage obligations 682 4 4 682 1,825 3 — 1,828 U.S. treasuries 13,621 7 222 13,406 11,511 13 168 11,356 Agency obligations 1,423 18 9 1,432 106 2 — 108 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 2,748 126 8 2,866 2,841 171 52 2,960 Debt securities issued by non-U.S. governments 7,901 59 38 7,922 7,232 47 41 7,238 Corporate debt securities 7,007 127 18 7,116 818 23 8 833 Equity securities 5,810 39 14 5,835 1,393 24 11 1,406 Other, primarily asset-backed securities (b) 9,052 25 75 9,002 2,448 61 102 2,407 Total available-for-sale securities $ 94,821 $ 570 $ 989 $ 94,402 $ 60,422 $ 445 $ 799 $ 60,068 Held-to-maturity securities (c) Total held-to-maturity securities $ 110 $ 7 $ — $ 117 $ 176 $ 10 $ — $ 186 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes collateralized mortgage obligations of private issuers, which generally have underlying collateral consisting of ob ligations of U.S. government and federal agencies and corporations. (c) Consists primarily of mortgage-backed securities. Note 8 – Noninterest expense Merger costs Costs associated with the Bank One merger in 2004, and costs associated with various programs announced prior to January 1, 2002 and incurred as of December 31, 2002, were reflected in the Merger costs caption of the Consolidated statements of income. A summary of such costs, by expense category, is shown in the following table for 2004, 2003 and 2002. Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Expense category Compensation $ 467 $ — $ 379 Occupancy 448 — 216 Technology and communications and other 450 — 615 Total(b) $ 1,365 $ — $ 1,210 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) With the exception of occupancy-related write-offs, all of the costs in the table require the expenditure of cash. The table below shows the change in the liability balance related to the costs associated with the Bank One merger. Year ended December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 Liability balance, beginning of period $— $— Recorded as merger costs 1,365 — Recorded as goodwill 1,028 — Liability utilized (1,441) — Total $ 952 $— (a) 2004 activity includes six months of the combined Firm’s activity and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase activity, while 2003 activity includes heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The following table presents the fair value and unrealized losses for AFS securities by aging category: Securities with unrealized losses Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Gross Gross Total Gross Fair unrealized Fair unrealized Fair unrealized December 31, 2004 (in millions) value losses value losses value losses Available-for-sale securities U.S. government and federal agencies/corporations obligations: Mortgage-backed securities $ 33,806 $ 274 $ 11,884 $ 327 $ 45,690 $ 601 Collateralized mortgage obligations 278 4 2 — 280 4 U.S. treasuries 10,186 154 940 68 11,126 222 Agency obligations 1,303 9 3 — 1,306 9 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 678 6 96 2 774 8 Debt securities issued by non-U.S. governments 3,395 17 624 21 4,019 38 Corporate debt securities 1,103 13 125 5 1,228 18 Equity securities 1,804 14 23 — 1,827 14 Other, primarily asset-backed securities 1,896 41 321 34 2,217 75 Total securities with unrealized losses $ 54,449 $ 532 $ 14,018 $ 457 $ 68,467 $ 989 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 99 Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Maturity schedule of securities Amortized Fair Average Amortized Fair Average December 31, 2004 (in millions) cost value yield (a) cost value yield (a) Due in one year or less $ 8,641 $ 8,644 2.44% $ — $ — —% Due after one year through five years 19,640 19,600 3.18 — — — Due after five years through 10 years 9,270 9,278 3.77 16 16 6.96 Due after 10 years (b) 57,270 56,880 4.48 94 101 6.88 Total securities $ 94,821 $ 94,402 3.95% $ 110 $ 117 6.89% (a) The average yield is based on amortized cost balances at year-end. Yields are derived by dividing interest income by total am ortized cost. Taxable-equivalent yields are used where applicable. (b) Includes securities with no stated maturity. Substantially all of JPMorgan Chase’s MBSs and CMOs are due in 10 years or more based on contractual maturity. The estimated duration, which reflects anticipated future prepayments based on a consensus of dealers in the market, is approximately four years for MBSs and CMOs. Impairment is evaluated considering numerous factors, and their relative sig- nificance varies case to case. Factors considered include the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than cost; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and the intent and ability to retain the security in order to allow for an anticipated recovery in market value. If, based on the analysis, it is determined that the impairment is other- than-temporary, the security is written down to fair value, and a loss is recog- nized through earnings. Included in the $989 million of gross unrealized losses on AFS securities at December 31, 2004, was $457 million of unrealized losses that have existed for a period greater than 12 months. These securities are predominately rated AAA and the unrealized losses are due to overall increases in market interest rates and not due to underlying credit concerns of the issuers. Substantially all of the securities with unrealized losses aged greater than 12 months have a market value at December 31, 2004, that is within 3% of their amortized cost basis. The Firm believes that all aged unrealized losses, as described above, are expected to be recovered within a reasonable time through a typical interest rate cycle. Accordingly, the Firm has concluded that none of the securities in its investment portfolios are other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2004. In calculating the effective yield for mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”) and collateralized mortgage obligations (“CMO”), JPMorgan Chase includes the effect of principal prepayments. Management regularly performs simulation testing to determine the impact that market conditions would have on its MBS and CMO portfolios. MBSs and CMOs that management believes have pre- payment risk are included in the AFS portfolio and are reported at fair value. The following table presents the amortized cost, estimated fair value and average yield at December 31, 2004, of JPMorgan Chase’s AFS and HTM securities by contractual maturity: Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 100 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Private equity investments are primarily held by the Private Equity business within Corporate (which includes JPMorgan Partners, reported as a stand- alone business segment prior to the Merger, and Bank One’s ONE Equity Partners). The Private Equity business invests in buyouts, growth equity and venture opportunities in the normal course of business. These investments are accounted for under investment company guidelines. Accordingly, these investments, irrespective of the percentage of equity ownership interest held by Private Equity, are carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from changes in value are reported in Securities/private equity gains in the Consolidated statements of income in the period that the gains or losses occur. Private investments are initially valued based on cost. The carrying values of private investments are adjusted from cost to reflect both positive and nega- tive changes evidenced by financing events with third-party capital providers. In addition, these investments are subject to ongoing impairment reviews by Private Equity’s senior investment professionals. A variety of factors are reviewed and monitored to assess impairment – including, but not limited to, operating performance and future expectations, comparable industry valua- tions of public companies, changes in market outlook and changes in the third-party financing environment. The Valuation Control Group within the Finance area is responsible for reviewing the accuracy of the carrying values of private investments held by Private Equity. Private Equity also holds publicly-held equity investments, generally obtained through the initial public offering of private equity investments. These invest- ments are marked to market at the quoted public value. To determine the carrying values of these investments, Private Equity incorporates the use of discounts to take into account the fact that it cannot immediately realize or risk manage the quoted public values as a result of regulatory, corporate and/or contractual sales restrictions imposed on these holdings. The following table presents the carrying value and cost of the Private Equity investment portfolio for the dates indicated: 2004 2003(a) Carrying Carrying December 31, (in millions) value Cost value Cost Total private equity investments $ 7,735 $ 9,103 $ 7,250 $ 9,147 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Note 10 – Securities financing activities JPMorgan Chase enters into resale agreements, repurchase agreements, securities borrowed transactions and securities loaned transactions primarily to finance the Firm’s inventory positions, acquire securities to cover short positions and settle other securities obligations. The Firm also enters into these transactions to accommodate customers’ needs. Securities purchased under resale agreements (“resale agreements”) and secu- rities sold under repurchase agreements (“repurchase agreements”) are gener- ally treated as collateralized financing transactions and are carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at the amounts the securities will be subsequently sold or repurchased, plus accrued interest. Where appropriate, resale and repur- chase agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis in accordance with FIN 41. JPMorgan Chase takes possession of securities pur- chased under resale agreements. On a daily basis, JPMorgan Chase monitors the market value of the underlying collateral received from its counterparties, consisting primarily of U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, and requests additional collateral from its counterparties when necessary. Transactions similar to financing activities that do not meet the SFAS 140 defini- tion of a repurchase agreement are accounted for as “buys” and “sells” rather than financing transactions. These transactions are accounted for as a purchase (sale) of the underlying securities with a forward obligation to sell (purchase) the securities. The forward purchase (sale) obligation, a derivative, is recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at its fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Trading revenue. Notional amounts of transactions accounted for as purchases under SFAS 140 were $6 billion at December 31, 2004, and $15 bil- lion at December 31, 2003, respectively. Notional amounts of transactions accounted for as sales under SFAS 140 were $20 billion and $8 billion at December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2003, respectively. Based on the short- term duration of these contracts, the unrealized gain or loss is insignificant. Securities borrowed and securities lent are recorded at the amount of cash collateral advanced or received. Securities borrowed consist primarily of government and equity securities. JPMorgan Chase monitors the market value of the securities borrowed and lent on a daily basis and calls for additional collateral when appropriate. Fees received or paid are recorded in Interest income or Interest expense. December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Securities purchased under resale agreements $ 94,076 $ 62,801 Securities borrowed 47,428 41,834 Securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 105,912 $ 103,610 Securities loaned 6,435 4,260 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. JPMorgan Chase pledges certain financial instruments it owns to collateralize repurchase agreements and other securities financings. Pledged securities that can be sold or repledged by the secured party are identified as financial instru- ments owned (pledged to various parties) on the Consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2004, the Firm had received securities as collateral that can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used with a fair value of approximately $252 billion. This collateral was generally obtained under resale or securities borrowing agreements. Of these securities, approximately $238 billion were repledged, delivered or otherwise used, generally as collateral under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements or to cover short sales. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 101 Note 11 – Loans Loans are reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of the Allowance for loan losses, unearned income and any net deferred loan fees. Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in noninterest revenue. Loans are classified as “trading” where posi- tions are bought and sold to make profits from short-term movements in price. Loans held for trading purposes are included in Trading assets and are carried at fair value, with the gains and losses included in Trading revenue. Interest income is recognized using the interest method, or on a basis approx- imating a level rate of return over the term of the loan. Nonaccrual loans are those on which the accrual of interest is discontinued. Loans (other than certain consumer loans discussed below) are placed on nonaccrual status immediately if, in the opinion of management, full payment of principal or interest is in doubt, or when principal or interest is 90 days or more past due and collateral, if any, is insufficient to cover principal and inter- est. Interest accrued but not collected at the date a loan is placed on nonac- crual status is reversed against Interest income. In addition, the amortization of net deferred loan fees is suspended. Interest income on nonaccrual loans is recognized only to the extent it is received in cash. However, where there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectibility of loan principal, all cash thereafter received is applied to reduce the carrying value of the loan. Loans are restored to accrual status only when interest and principal payments are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Consumer loans are generally charged to the Allowance for loan losses upon reaching specified stages of delinquency, in accordance with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”) policy. For example, credit card loans are charged off by the end of the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due or within 60 days from receiving notification of the filing of bankruptcy, whichever is earlier. Residential mortgage products are generally charged off to net realizable value at 180 days past due. Other consumer products are generally charged off (to net realizable value if collat- eralized) at 120 days past due. Accrued interest on residential mortgage products, auto & education financings and certain other consumer loans are accounted for in accordance with the nonaccrual loan policy discussed above. Interest and fees related to credit card loans continue to accrue until the loan is charged-off or paid. Accrued interest on all other loans is generally reversed against interest income when the consumer loan is charged off. A collateralized loan is considered an in-substance foreclosure and is reclassi- fied to assets acquired in loan satisfactions, within Other assets, only when JPMorgan Chase has taken physical possession of the collateral. This is regardless of whether formal foreclosure proceedings have taken place. The composition of the loan portfolio at each of the dates indicated was as follows: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) U.S. wholesale loans: Commercial and industrial $ 60,223 $ 30,748 Real estate 13,038 2,775 Financial institutions 14,060 8,346 Lease financing receivables 4,043 606 Other 8,504 1,850 Total U.S. wholesale loans 99,868 44,325 Non-U.S. wholesale loans: Commercial and industrial 25,115 22,916 Real estate 1,747 1,819 Financial institutions 7,269 6,269 Lease financing receivables 1,068 90 Total non-U.S. wholesale loans 35,199 31,094 Total wholesale loans: (b) Commercial and industrial 85,338 53,664 Real estate (c) 14,785 4,594 Financial institutions 21,329 14,615 Lease financing receivables 5,111 696 Other 8,504 1,850 Total wholesale loans 135,067 75,419 Total consumer loans: (d) Consumer real estate Home finance – home equity & other 67,837 24,179 Home finance – mortgage 56,816 50,381 Total Home finance 124,653 74,560 Auto & education finance 62,712 43,157 Consumer & small business and other 15,107 4,204 Credit card receivables (e) 64,575 17,426 Total consumer loans 267,047 139,347 Total loans (f)(g)(h) $ 402,114 $ 214,766 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management. (c) Represents credits extended for real estate–related purposes to borrowers who are primarily in the real estate development or investment businesses and for which the primary repay- ment is from the sale, lease, management, operations or refinancing of the property. (d) Includes Retail Financial Services and Card Services. (e) Includes billed finance charges and fees net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts. (f) Loans are presented net of unearned income of $4.1 billion and $1.3 billion at December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2003, respectively. (g) Includes loans held for sale (principally mortgage-related loans) of $25.7 billion at December 31, 2004, and $20.8 billion at December 31, 2003. (h) Amounts are presented gross of the Allowance for loan losses. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 102 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The following table reflects information about the Firm’s loans held for sale, principally mortgage-related: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Net gains on sales of loans held for sale $ 368 $ 933 $ 754 Lower of cost or market adjustments 39 26 (36) (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Impaired loans JPMorgan Chase accounts for and discloses nonaccrual loans as impaired loans and recognizes their interest income as discussed previously for nonac- crual loans. The Firm excludes from impaired loans its small-balance, homoge- neous consumer loans; loans carried at fair value or the lower of cost or fair value; debt securities; and leases. The table below sets forth information about JPMorgan Chase’s impaired loans. The Firm primarily uses the discounted cash flow method for valuing impaired loans: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Impaired loans with an allowance $ 1,496 $ 1,597 Impaired loans without an allowance (b) 284 406 Total impaired loans $ 1,780 $ 2,003 Allowance for impaired loans under SFAS 114 (c) $ 521 $ 595 Average balance of impaired loans during the year 1,883 2,969 Interest income recognized on impaired loans during the year 8 4 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) When the discounted cash flows, collateral value or market price equals or exceeds the carrying value of the loan, then the loan does not require an allowance under SFAS 114. (c) The allowance for impaired loans under SFAS 114 is included in JPMorgan Chase’s Allowance for loan losses. Note 12 – Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase’s Allowance for loan losses covers the wholesale (primarily risk-rated) and consumer (primarily scored) loan portfolios and represents man- agement’s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the Firm’s loan portfo- lio. Management also computes an Allowance for wholesale lending-related commitments using a methodology similar to that used for the wholesale loans. As a result of the Merger, management modified its methodology for determin- ing the Provision for credit losses for the combined Firm. The effect of conform- ing methodologies in 2004 was a decrease in the consumer allowance of $254 million and a decrease in the wholesale allowance (including both funded loans and lending-related commitments) of $330 million. In addition, the Bank One seller’s interest in credit card securitizations was decertificated; this resulted in an increase to the provision for loan losses of approximately $1.4 billion (pre-tax) in 2004. The Allowance for loan losses consists of two components: asset-specific loss and formula-based loss. Within the formula-based loss is a statistical calcula- tion and an adjustment to the statistical calculation. The asset-specific loss component relates to provisions for losses on loans considered impaired and measured pursuant to SFAS 114. An allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the loan are lower than the carrying value of that loan. To compute the asset-specific loss component of the allowance larger impaired loans are evaluated individually, and smaller impaired loans are evaluated as a pool using historical loss experience for the respective class of assets. The formula-based loss component covers performing wholesale and consumer loans and is the product of a statistical calculation, as well as adjustments to such calculation. These adjustments take into consideration model imprecision, external factors and economic events that have occurred but are not yet reflected in the factors used to derive the statistical calculation. The statistical calculation is the product of probability of default and loss given default. For risk-rated loans (generally loans originated by the whole- sale lines of business), these factors are differentiated by risk rating and maturity. For scored loans (generally loans originated by the consumer lines of business), loss is primarily determined by applying statistical loss factors and other risk indicators to pools of loans by asset type. Adjustments to the statis- tical calculation for the risk-rated portfolios are determined by creating esti- mated ranges using historical experience of both loss given default and prob- ability of default. Factors related to concentrated and deteriorating industries are also incorporated into the calculation where relevant. Adjustments to the statistical calculation for the scored loan portfolios are accomplished in part by analyzing the historical loss experience for each major product segment. The estimated ranges and the determination of the appropriate point within the range are based upon management’s view of uncertainties that relate to current macroeconomic and political conditions, quality of underwriting stan- dards, and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio. The Allowance for lending-related commitments represents management’s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the Firm’s process of extending credit. Management establishes an asset-specific allowance for lending-related commitments that are considered impaired and computes a formula-based allowance for performing wholesale lending-related commitments. These are computed using a methodology similar to that used for the wholesale loan portfolio, modified for expected maturities and probabilities of drawdown. At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the Chief Risk Officer and the Deputy Chief Risk Officer of the Firm and is discussed with a risk subgroup of the Operating Committee, relative to the risk profile of the Firm’s credit portfolio and current economic conditions. As of December 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase deemed the allowance for credit losses to be appro- priate (i.e., sufficient to absorb losses that are inherent in the portfolio, including those not yet identifiable). JPMorgan Chase maintains an Allowance for credit losses as follows: Reported in: Allowance for credit losses on: Balance sheet Income statement Loans Allowance for loan losses Provision for credit losses Lending-related commitments Other liabilities Provision for credit losses The table below summarizes the changes in the Allowance for loan losses: December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 Allowance for loan losses at January 1 $ 4,523 $ 5,350 Addition resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 3,123 — Gross charge-offs (b) (3,805) (2,818) Gross recoveries 706 546 Net charge-offs (3,099) (2,272) Provision for loan losses: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity 1,798 1,579 Accounting policy conformity (c) 1,085 — Total Provision for loan losses 2,883 1,579 Other(d) (110) (134) Allowance for loan losses at December 31 (e) $ 7,320 $ 4,523 (a) 2004 activity includes six months of the combined Firm’s activity and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase activity, while 2003 activity includes heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes $406 million related to the Manufactured Home Loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2004. (c) Represents an increase of approximately $1.4 billion as a result of the decertification of heritage Bank One’s seller’s interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a reduction of $357 million to conform provision methodologies. (d) Primarily represents the transfer of the allowance for accrued interest and fees on reported credit card loans. (e) 2004 includes $469 million of asset-specific loss and $6.8 billion of formula-based loss. Included within the formula-based loss is $4.8 billion related to statistical calculation and an adjustment to the statistical calculation of $2.0 billion. The table below summarizes the changes in the Allowance for lending-related commitments: December 31, (a) (in millions) 2004 2003 Allowance for lending-related commitments at January 1 $ 324 $ 363 Addition resulting from the Merger, July 1, 2004 508 — Provision for lending-related commitments: Provision excluding accounting policy conformity (112) (39) Accounting policy conformity (b) (227) — Total Provision for lending-related commitments (339) (39) Other (1) — Allowance for lending-related commitments at December 31 (c) $ 492 $ 324 (a) 2004 activity includes six months of the combined Firm’s activity and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase activity, while 2003 activity includes heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents a reduction of $227 million to conform provision methodologies in the whole- sale portfolio. (c) 2004 includes $130 million of asset-specific loss and $362 million of formula-based loss. Note: The formula-based loss for lending-related commitments is based on statistical calcu- lation. There is no adjustment to the statistical calculation for lending-related commitments. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 103 Note 13 – Loan securitizations JPMorgan Chase securitizes, sells and services various consumer loans, such as consumer real estate, credit card and automobile loans, as well as certain wholesale loans (primarily real estate) originated by the Investment Bank. In addition, the Investment Bank purchases, packages and securitizes commer- cial and consumer loans. All IB activity is collectively referred to as Wholesale activities below. Interests in the sold and securitized loans may be retained as described below. The Firm records a loan securitization as a sale when the transferred loans are legally isolated from the Firm’s creditors and the accounting criteria for a sale are met. Gains or losses recorded on loan securitizations depend, in part, on the carrying amount of the loans sold and are allocated between the loans sold and the retained interests, based on their relative fair values at the date of sale. Since quoted market prices are generally not available, the Firm usually estimates the fair value of these retained interests by determining the present value of future expected cash flows using modeling techniques. Such models incorporate management’s best estimates of key variables, such as expected credit losses, prepayment speeds and the discount rates appropri- ate for the risks involved. Gains on securitizations are reported in noninterest revenue. Retained interests that are subject to prepayment risk, such that JPMorgan Chase may not recover substantially all of its investment, are recorded at fair value; subsequent adjustments are reflected in Other compre- hensive income or in earnings, if the fair value of the retained interest has declined below its carrying amount and such decline has been determined to be other-than-temporary. JPMorgan Chase–sponsored securitizations utilize SPEs as part of the securiti- zation process. These SPEs are structured to meet the definition of a QSPE (as discussed in Note 1 on page 88 of this Annual Report); accordingly, the assets and liabilities of securitization-related QSPEs are not reflected in the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets (except for retained interests, as described below) but are included on the balance sheet of the QSPE purchasing the assets. Assets held by securitization-related SPEs as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, were as follows: December 31, (in billions) 2004 2003(a) Credit card receivables $ 106.3 $ 42.6 Residential mortgage receivables 19.1 21.1 Wholesale activities 44.8 33.8 Automobile loans 4.9 6.5 Total $ 175.1 $104.0 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Interests in the securitized loans are generally retained by the Firm in the form of senior or subordinated interest-only strips, subordinated tranches, escrow accounts and servicing rights, and they are primarily recorded in Other assets. In addition, credit card securitization trusts require the Firm to main- tain a minimum undivided interest in the trusts, representing the Firm’s inter- ests in the receivables transferred to the trust that have not been securitized. These interests are not represented by security certificates. The Firm’s undivided interests are carried at historical cost and are classified in Loans. JPMorgan Chase retains servicing responsibilities for all residential mortgage, credit card and automobile loan securitizations and for certain wholesale activity securitizations it sponsors, and receives annual servicing fees based Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 104 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Year ended December 31, (a) 2004 2003 Wholesale Wholesale (in millions) Mortgage Credit card Automobile activities (d) Mortgage Credit card Automobile activities Principal securitized $ 6,529 $ 8,850 $ 1,600 $ 8,756 $ 13,270 $ 8,823 $ 4,510 $ 5,386 Pre-tax gains (losses) 47 52 (3) 135 168 44 13 107 Cash flow information: Proceeds from securitizations $ 6,608 $ 8,850 $ 1,597 $ 8,430 $ 13,540 $ 8,823 $ 4,503 $ 5,493 Servicing fees collected 12 69 1 3 20 79 15 2 Other cash flows received 25 225 — 16 2 216 12 8 Proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving securitizations — 110,697 — — — 58,199 — — Key assumptions (rates per annum): Prepayment rate (b) 23.8–37.6% 15.5–16.7% 1.5% 17.0–50.0% 10.1–36.2% 8.1–16.5% 1.5–1.6% 50.0% CPR PPR ABS CPR PPR ABS Weighted-average life (in years) 1.9–3.0 0.5–0.6 1.8 2.0–4.0 2.0–4.6 0.6–1.0 1.7–1.8 1.3–5.2 Expected credit losses 1.0–2.3% 5.5–5.8% 0.6% 0.0–3.0% (c) 0.0–2.5% (c) 5.5–8.0% 0.5–0.6% 0.0% (c) Discount rate 15.0–30.0% 12.0% 4.1% 0.6–5.0% 13.0–30.0% 12.0% 3.9–4.5% 1.0–5.0% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) CPR: constant prepayment rate; ABS: absolute prepayment speed; PPR: principal payment rate. (c) Expected credit losses for prime residential mortgage and certain wholesale securitizations are minimal and are incorporated into other assumptions. (d) Wholesale activities consist of wholesale loans (primarily real estate) originated by the Investment Bank as well as $1.8 bi llion of consumer loans purchased from the market, packaged and securi- tized by the Investment Bank. In addition to securitization transactions, the Firm sold residential mortgage loans totaling $65.7 billion and $123.2 billion during 2004 and 2003, respectively, primarily as GNMA, FNMA and Freddie Mac mortgage-backed securities; these sales resulted in pre-tax gains of $58.1 million and $564.3 million, respectively. At both December 31, 2004 and 2003, the Firm had, with respect to its credit card master trusts, $35.2 billion and $7.3 billion, respectively, related to its undivided interest, and $2.1 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, related to its subordinated interest in accrued interest and fees on the securitized receiv- ables, net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts. Credit card securitiza- tion trusts require the Firm to maintain a minimum undivided interest of 4% to 7% of the principal receivables in the trusts. The Firm maintained an aver- age undivided interest in its principal receivables in the trusts of approximate- ly 23% and 17% for 2004 and 2003, respectively. The Firm also maintains escrow accounts up to predetermined limits for some of its credit card and automobile securitizations, in the unlikely event of defi- ciencies in cash flows owed to investors. The amounts available in such escrow accounts are recorded in Other assets and, as of December 31, 2004, amounted to $395 million and $132 million for credit card and automobile securitizations, respectively; as of December 31, 2003, these amounts were $456 million and $137 million for credit card and automobile securitizations, respectively. The table below summarizes other retained securitization interests, which are primarily subordinated or residual interests and are carried at fair value on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Residential mortgage (b) $ 433 $ 570 Credit card (b) 494 193 Automobile (b) 85 151 Wholesale activities 23 34 Total $ 1,035 $ 948 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Pre-tax unrealized gains (losses) recorded in Stockholders’ equity that relate to retained securitization interests totaled $118 million and $155 million for Residential mortgage; $(3) million and $11 million for Credit cards; and $11 million and $6 million for Automobile at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. on the securitized loan balance plus certain ancillary fees. The Firm also retains the right to service the residential mortgage loans it sells in connection with mortgage-backed securities transactions with the Government National Mortgage Association (“GNMA”), Federal National Mortgage Association (“FNMA”) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”). For a discussion of mortgage servicing rights, see Note 15 on pages 109–111 of this Annual Report. The following table summarizes new securitization transactions that were completed during 2004 and 2003, the resulting gains arising from such secu- ritizations, certain cash flows received from such securitizations, and the key economic assumptions used in measuring the retained interests, as of the dates of such sales: The table below displays the expected static-pool net credit losses for 2004, 2003 and 2002, based on securitizations occurring i n that year: Loans securitized in: (a) 2004 2003(b) 2002(b) Mortgage Automobile Mortgage Automobile Mortgage Automobile December 31, 2004 0.0–3.3% 1.1% 0.0–2.1% 0.9% 0.0–2.4% 0.8% December 31, 2003 NA NA 0.0–3.6 0.9 0.0–2.8 0.8 December 31, 2002 NA NA NA NA 0.1–3.7 0.9 (a) Static-pool losses not applicable to credit card securitizations, due to their revolving structure. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 105 The table below outlines the key economic assumptions used to determine the fair value of the remaining retained interests at D ecember 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively; and the sensitivities to those fair values to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those assumptions: December 31, 2004 (in millions) Mortgage Credit card Automobile Wholesale activities Weighted-average life (in years) 0.8–3.4 0.5–1.0 1.3 0.2–4.0 Prepayment rate 15.1–37.1% CPR 8.3–16.7% PPR 1.4% ABS 0.0–50.0% (b) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (5) $ (34) $ (6) $ (1) Impact of 20% adverse change (8) (69) (13) (1) Loss assumption 0.0–5.0% (c) 5.7–8.4% 0.7% 0.0–3.0% (c) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (17) $ (144) $ (4) $ — Impact of 20% adverse change (34) (280) (8) — Discount rate 13.0–30.0% (d) 4.9–12.0% 5.5% 1.0–22.9% Impact of 10% adverse change $ (9) $ (2) $ (1) $ — Impact of 20% adverse change (18) (4) (2) — December 31, 2003 (in millions) (a) Mortgage Credit card Automobile Wholesale activities Weighted-average life (in years) 1.4–2.7 0.4–1.3 1.5 0.6–5.9 Prepayment rate 29.0–31.7% CPR 8.1–15.1% PPR 1.5% ABS 0.0–50.0% (b) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (17) $ (7) $ (10) $ (1) Impact of 20% adverse change (31) (13) (19) (2) Loss assumption 0.0–4.0% (c) 5.5–8.0% 0.6% 0.0% (c) Impact of 10% adverse change $ (28) $ (21) $ (6) $ — Impact of 20% adverse change (57) (41) (12) — Discount rate 13.0–30.0% (d) 8.3–12.0% 4.4% 5.0–20.9% Impact of 10% adverse change $ (14) $ (1) $ (1) $ (1) Impact of 20% adverse change (27) (3) (2) (2) (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Prepayment risk on certain wholesale retained interests are minimal and are incorporated into other assumptions. (c) Expected credit losses for prime residential mortgage and certain wholesale securitizations are minimal and are incorporated into other assumptions. (d) The Firm sells certain residual interests from sub-prime mortgage securitizations via Net Interest Margin (“NIM”) securitiza tions and retains residuals interests in these NIM transactions, which are valued using a 30% discount rate. The sensitivity analysis in the preceding table is hypothetical. Changes in fair value based on a 10% or 20% variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated easily, because the relationship of the change in the assump- tions to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect that a change in a particular assumption may have on the fair value is calculated without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another assumption, which might counteract or magnify the sensitivities. Expected static-pool net credit losses include actual incurred losses plus pro- jected net credit losses, divided by the original balance of the outstandings comprising the securitization pool. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 106 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The table below presents information about delinquencies, net credit losses and components of reported and securitized financial assets at December 31, 2004 and 2003: Nonaccrual and 90 days or Net loan charge-offs (b) Total Loans more past due Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) 2004 2003(a) 2004 2003 Home finance $ 124,653 $ 74,560 $ 673 $ 374 $ 573 $ 135 Auto & education finance 62,712 43,157 193 123 263 171 Consumer & small business and other 15,107 4,204 295 72 154 75 Credit card receivables 64,575 17,426 1,006 284 1,923 1,126 Total consumer loans 267,047 139,347 2,167 853 2,913 1,507 Total wholesale loans 135,067 75,419 1,582 2,046 186 765 Total loans reported 402,114 214,766 3,749 2,899 3,099 2,272 Securitized loans: Residential mortgage (c) 11,533 15,564 460 594 150 191 Automobile 4,763 6,315 12 13 24 25 Credit card 70,795 34,856 1,337 879 2,898 1,870 Total consumer loans securitized 87,091 56,735 1,809 1,486 3,072 2,086 Securitized wholesale activities 1,401 2,108 — 9 — — Total loans securitized (d) 88,492 58,843 1,809 1,495 3,072 2,086 Total loans reported and securitized (e) $ 490,606 $ 273,609 $ 5,558 $ 4,394 $ 6,171 $ 4,358 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) Includes $10.3 billion and $13.6 billion of outstanding principal balances on securitized sub-prime 1–4 family residential m ortgage loans as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (d) Total assets held in securitization-related SPEs were $175.1 billion and $104.0 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respect ively. The $88.5 billion and $58.8 billion of loans securitized at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, excludes: $50.8 billion and $37.1 billion of securitized loans, in which the Firm’s only c ontinuing involvement is the servicing of the assets; $35.2 billion and $7.3 billion of seller’s interests in credit card master trusts; and $0.6 billion and $0.8 billion of escrow accounts and ot her assets, respectively. (e) Represents both loans on the Consolidated balance sheets and loans that have been securitized, but excludes loans for which t he Firm’s only continuing involvement is servicing of the assets. Note 14 – Variable interest entities Refer to Note 1 on page 88 of this Annual Report for a further description of JPMorgan Chase’s policies regarding consolidation of variable interest entities. JPMorgan Chase’s principal involvement with VIEs occurs in the following business segments: • Investment Bank: Utilizes VIEs to assist clients in accessing the financial markets in a cost-efficient manner, by providing the structural flexibility to meet their needs pertaining to price, yield and desired risk. There are two broad categories of transactions involving VIEs in the IB: (1) multi-seller conduits and (2) client intermediation; both are discussed below. The IB also securitizes loans through QSPEs which are not considered VIEs, to create asset-backed securities, as further discussed in Note 13 on pages 103–106 of this Annual Report. • Asset & Wealth Management: Provides investment management services to a limited number of the Firm’s mutual funds deemed VIEs. AWM earns a fixed fee based on assets managed; the fee varies with each fund’s invest- ment objective and is competitively priced. For the limited number of funds that qualify as VIEs, the Firm’s interest is not considered significant under FIN 46R. • Treasury & Securities Services: Provides trustee and custodial services to a number of VIEs. These services are similar to those provided to non-VIEs. TSS earns market-based fees for services provided. Such relationships are not considered significant interests under FIN 46R. • Commercial Banking: Utilizes VIEs as part of its middle markets business. This involvement includes: (1) structuring and administering independent, member-owned finance entities for companies with dedicated distribution systems, where the Firm may also provide some liquidity, letters of credit and/or derivative instruments; and (2) synthetic lease transactions, in which the Firm provides financing to a SPE; in turn, the SPE purchases assets, which are then leased by the SPE to the Firm’s customer. The CB earns market-based fees for providing such services. These activities do not involve the Firm holding a significant interest in VIEs. • The Firm’s Private Equity business, now included in Corporate, is involved with entities that may be deemed VIEs. Private equity activities are accounted for in accordance with the Investment Company Audit Guide (“Audit Guide”). The FASB deferred adoption of FIN 46R for non-registered investment companies that apply the Audit Guide until the proposed Statement of Position on the clarification of the scope of the Audit Guide is finalized. The Firm continues to apply this deferral provision; had FIN 46R been applied to VIEs subject to this deferral, the impact would have had an insignificant impact on the Firm’s Consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2004. As noted above, there are two broad categories of transactions involving VIEs with which the IB is involved: multi-seller conduits and client intermediation. These are discussed more fully below. Multi-seller conduits The Firm is an active participant in the asset-backed securities business, where it helps meet customers’ financing needs by providing access to the commercial paper markets through VIEs known as multi-seller conduits. These entities are separate bankruptcy-remote corporations in the business of pur- chasing interests in, and making loans secured by, receivable pools and other financial assets pursuant to agreements with customers. The entities fund their purchases and loans through the issuance of highly-rated commercial paper. The primary source of repayment of the commercial paper is the cash flow from the pools of assets. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 107 Program-wide liquidity in the form of revolving and short-term lending com- mitments is provided by the Firm to these vehicles in the event of short-term disruptions in the commercial paper market. Deal-specific credit enhancement that supports the commercial paper issued by the conduits is generally structured to cover a multiple of historical losses expected on the pool of assets and is primarily provided by customers (i.e., sellers) or other third parties. The deal-specific credit enhancement is typically in the form of over-collateralization provided by the seller but may also include any combination of the following: recourse to the seller or originator, cash collateral accounts, letters of credit, excess spread, retention of subordi- nated interests or third-party guarantees. In certain instances, the Firm provides limited credit enhancement in the form of standby letters of credit. JPMorgan Chase serves as the administrator and provides contingent liquidity support and limited credit enhancement for several multi-seller conduits. The commercial paper issued by the conduits is backed by sufficient collateral, credit enhancements and commitments to provide liquidity to support receiv- ing at least a liquidity rating of A-1, P-1 and, in certain cases, F1. As a means of ensuring timely repayment of the commercial paper, each asset pool financed by the conduits has a minimum 100% deal-specific liquidity facility associated with it. In the unlikely event an asset pool is removed from the conduit, the administrator can draw on the liquidity facility to repay the maturing commercial paper. The liquidity facilities are typically in the form of asset purchase agreements and are generally structured such that the bank liquidity is provided by purchasing, or lending against, a pool of non-defaulted, performing assets. Deal-specific liquidity is the primary source of liquidity support for the conduits. The following table summarizes the Firm’s involvement with Firm-administered multi-seller conduits: Consolidated Nonconsolidated Total December 31, (in billions) 2004(c) 2003(b) 2004(c) 2003(b)(c) 2004(c) 2003(b)(c) Total commercial paper issued by conduits $ 35.8 $ 6.3 $9 . 3 $ 5.4 $ 45.1 $ 11.7 Commitments Asset-purchase agreements $ 47.2 $ 9.3 $ 16.3 $ 8.7 $ 63.5 $ 18.0 Program-wide liquidity commitments 4.0 1.6 2.0 1.0 6.0 2.6 Limited credit enhancements 1.4 0.9 1.2 1.0 2.6 1.9 Maximum exposure to loss (a) 48.2 9.7 16.9 9.0 65.1 18.7 (a) The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the amount of drawn commitments (i.e., sellers’ assets held by the multi-s eller conduits for which the Firm provides liquidity support) of $42.2 billion and $11.7 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, plus contractual but undrawn commitments of $22.9 bil lion and $7.0 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Since the Firm provides credit enhancement and liquidity to these multi-seller conduits, the maximum exposure is no t adjusted to exclude exposure absorbed by third-party liquidity providers. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) In December 2003 and February 2004, two multi-seller conduits were restructured, with each conduit issuing preferred securitie s acquired by an independent third-party investor; the investor absorbs the majority of the expected losses of the conduit. In determining the primary beneficiary of the restructured conduits, the Firm leveraged an existing rating agency model – an independent market standard – to estimate the size of the expected losses, and considered the relative rights and obligations of each of the variable interest holders. The Firm views its credit exposure to multi-seller conduit transactions as limited. This is because, for the most part, the Firm is not required to fund under the liquidity facilities if the assets in the VIE are in default. Additionally, the Firm’s obligations under the letters of credit are secondary to the risk of first loss provided by the customer or other third parties – for example, by the overcol- lateralization of the VIE with the assets sold to it or notes subordinated to the Firm’s liquidity facilities. Additionally, the Firm is involved with a structured investment vehicle (“SIV”) that funds a diversified portfolio of highly rated assets by issuing commercial paper, medium-term notes and capital. The assets and liabilities of this SIV were approximately $7.1 billion and are included in the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2004. Client intermediation As a financial intermediary, the Firm is involved in structuring VIE transactions to meet investor and client needs. The Firm intermediates various types of risks (including fixed income, equity and credit), typically using derivative instru- ments as further discussed below. In certain circumstances, the Firm also pro- vides liquidity and other support to the VIEs to facilitate the transaction. The Firm’s current exposure to nonconsolidated VIEs is reflected in its Consolidated balance sheets or in the Notes to consolidated financial statements. The risks inherent in derivative instruments or liquidity commitments are managed simi- larly to other credit, market and liquidity risks to which the Firm is exposed. The Firm intermediates principally with the following types of VIEs: structured wholesale loan vehicles, credit-linked note vehicles, municipal bond vehicles and other client-intermediation vehicles, as discussed below. Following this discussion is a table summarizing the total assets held by these vehicles at December 31, 2004 and 2003. The Firm has created structured wholesale loan vehicles managed by third parties, in which loans are purchased from third parties or through the Firm’s syndication and trading functions and funded by issuing commercial paper. The amount of the commercial paper issued by these vehicles totaled $3.4 billion and $5.3 billion as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Investors provide collateral and have a first risk of loss up to the amount of collateral pledged. The Firm retains a second-risk-of-loss position and does not absorb a majority of the expected losses of the vehicles. Documentation includes provisions intended, subject to certain conditions, to enable JPMorgan Chase to terminate the transactions related to a particular loan vehicle if the value of the relevant portfolio declines below a specified level. The Firm also provides liquidity support to these VIEs. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 108 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The Firm structures credit-linked notes in which the VIE purchases highly-rated assets (such as asset-backed securities) and enters into a credit derivative contract with the Firm to obtain exposure to a referenced credit not held by the VIE. Credit-linked notes are issued by the VIE to transfer the risk of the referenced credit to the investors in the VIE. Clients and investors often prefer a VIE structure, since the credit-linked notes generally carry a higher credit rating than they would if issued directly by JPMorgan Chase. The Firm is involved with municipal bond vehicles for the purpose of creating a series of secondary market trusts that allow tax-exempt investors to finance their investments at short-term tax-exempt rates. The VIE purchases fixed-rate, longer-term highly rated municipal bonds by issuing puttable floating-rate certificates and inverse floating-rate certificates; the investors in the inverse floating-rate certificates are exposed to the residual losses of the VIE (the “residual interests”). For vehicles in which the Firm owns the residual inter- ests, the Firm consolidates the VIE. In vehicles where third-party investors own the residual interests, the Firm’s exposure is limited because of the high credit quality of the underlying municipal bonds, the unwind triggers based on the market value of the underlying collateral and the residual interests held by third parties. The Firm often serves as remarketing agent for the VIE and provides liquidity to support the remarketing. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase structures, on behalf of clients, other client intermediation vehicles in which the Firm transfers the risks and returns of the assets held by the VIE, typically debt and equity instruments, to clients through derivative contracts. Assets held by certain client intermediation–related VIEs at December 31, 2004 and 2003, were as follows: December 31, (in billions) 2004 2003(e) Structured wholesale loan vehicles (a) $ 3.4 $ 5.3 Credit-linked note vehicles (b) 17.8 17.7 Municipal bond vehicles (c) 7.5 5.5 Other client intermediation vehicles (d) 4.0 5.8 (a) JPMorgan Chase was committed to provide liquidity to these VIEs of up to $5.2 billion and $8.0 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, of which $3.8 billion at December 31, 2004, and $6.3 billion at December 31, 2003, was in the form of asset pur- chase agreements. The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss to these vehicles at December 31, 2004 and 2003, was $3.2 billion and $5.5 billion, respectively, which reflects the netting of collateral and other program limits. (b) The fair value of the Firm’s derivative contracts with credit-linked note vehicles was not material at December 31, 2004. Assets of $2.3 billion and $2.1 billion reported in the table above were recorded on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, due to contractual relationships held by the Firm that relate to collateral held by the VIE. (c) Total amounts consolidated due to the Firm owning residual interests were $2.6 billion at December 31, 2004 and $2.5 billion at December 31, 2003, and are reported in the table. Total liquidity commitments were $3.1 billion and $1.8 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The Firm’s maximum credit exposure to all municipal bond vehicles was $5.7 billion and $4.3 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (d) The Firm’s net exposure arising from these intermediations is not significant. (e) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Finally, the Firm may enter into transactions with VIEs structured by other par- ties. These transactions can include, for example, acting as a derivative coun- terparty, liquidity provider, investor, underwriter, placement agent, trustee or custodian. These transactions are conducted at arm’s length, and individual credit decisions are based upon the analysis of the specific VIE, taking into consideration the quality of the underlying assets. JPMorgan Chase records and reports these positions similarly to any other third-party transaction. These activities do not cause JPMorgan Chase to absorb a majority of the expected losses of the VIEs or to receive a majority of the residual returns of the VIE, and they are not considered significant for disclosure purposes. Consolidated VIE assets The following table summarizes the Firm’s total consolidated VIE assets, by classification on the Consolidated balance sheets, as of December 31, 2004 and 2003: December 31, (in billions) 2004 2003(c) Consolidated VIE assets (a) Investment securities $ 10.6 $ 3.8 Trading assets (b) 4.7 2.7 Loans 3.4 1.1 Interests in purchased receivables 31.6 4.7 Other assets 0.4 0.1 Total consolidated assets $ 50.7 $ 12.4 (a) The Firm also holds $3.4 billion and $3.0 billion of assets, at December 31, 2004 and December 31, 2003, respectively, primarily as a seller’s interest, in certain consumer securiti- zations in a segregated entity, as part of a two-step securitization transaction. This interest is included in the securitization activities disclosed in Note 13 on pages 103–106 of this Annual Report. (b) Includes the fair value of securities and derivatives. (c) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Interests in purchased receivables include interests in receivables purchased by Firm-administered conduits, which have been consolidated in accordance with FIN 46R. Interests in purchased receivables are carried at cost and are reviewed to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment exists. Based on the current level of credit protection specified in each transaction, primarily through overcollateralization, the Firm determined that no other- than-temporary impairment existed at December 31, 2004. The interest-bearing beneficial interest liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are classified in the line item titled “Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities” on the Consolidated balance sheets. The holders of these beneficial interests do not have recourse to the general credit of JPMorgan Chase. See Note 17 on page 112 of this Annual Report for the maturity profile of FIN 46 long-term beneficial interests. FIN 46 transition Effective February 1, 2003, JPMorgan Chase implemented FIN 46 for VIEs created or modified after January 31, 2003, in which the Firm has an interest. Effective July 1, 2003, the Firm implemented FIN 46 for all VIEs originated prior to February 1, 2003, excluding certain investments made by its private equity business, as discussed above. The effect of adoption was an incremental increase in the Firm’s assets and liabilities of approximately $17 billion at July 1, 2003. As a result of its adoption of FIN 46, the Firm also deconsolidated certain vehicles, primarily the wholly-owned Delaware statutory business trusts further discussed in Note 17 on pages 112–113 of this Annual Report. Upon adoption of FIN 46, the assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests of VIEs were generally measured at the amounts at which such interests would have been carried had FIN 46 been effective when the Firm first met the con- ditions to be considered the primary beneficiary. The difference between the net amount added to the balance sheet and the amount of any previously recognized interest in the newly consolidated entity was recognized as a cumulative effect of an accounting change at July 1, 2003, which resulted in a $2 million (after-tax) reduction to the Firm’s consolidated earnings. The Firm also recorded a $34 million (after-tax) reduction in Other comprehensive income, related to AFS securities and derivative cash flow hedges; these were related to entities measured at the amount at which such interests would have been carried had FIN 46 been effective when the Firm first met the con- ditions of being the primary beneficiary. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 109 FIN 46R transition In December 2003, the FASB issued a revision to FIN 46 (“FIN 46R”) to address various technical corrections and implementation issues that had arisen since the issuance of FIN 46. Effective March 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase implemented FIN 46R for all VIEs, excluding certain investments made by its private equity business, as previously discussed. Implementation of FIN 46R did not have a significant effect on the Firm’s Consolidated financial statements. The application of FIN 46R involved significant judgments and interpretations by management. The Firm is aware of differing interpretations being devel- oped among accounting professionals and the EITF with regard to analyzing derivatives under FIN 46R. Management’s current interpretation is that deriv- atives should be evaluated by focusing on an economic analysis of the rights and obligations of a VIE’s assets, liabilities, equity and other contracts, while considering the entity’s activities and design; the terms of the derivative con- tract and the role it has with the entity; and whether the derivative contract creates and/or absorbs variability of the VIE. The Firm will continue to monitor developing interpretations. Note 15 – Goodwill and other intangible assets Effective January 1, 2002, the Firm adopted SFAS 142, reclassifying certain intangible assets from Goodwill to Other intangible assets. There was no impairment of goodwill upon adoption of SFAS 142. Goodwill is not amortized but instead tested for impairment at the reporting- unit segment (which is generally one level below the six major reportable business segments as described in Note 31 on pages 126–127 of this Annual Report; plus Private Equity, which is included in Corporate). Goodwill is tested annually (during the fourth quarter) or more often if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate there may be impair- ment. Intangible assets determined to have indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The impairment test compares the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. Other acquired intangible assets determined to have finite lives, such as core deposits and credit card relationships, are amortized over their estimated useful lives in a manner that best reflects the economic benefits of the intangible asset. In addition, impairment testing is performed periodically on these amortizing intangible assets. Goodwill and Other intangible assets consist of the following: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Goodwill $ 43,203 $ 8,511 Mortgage servicing rights 5,080 4,781 Purchased credit card relationships 3,878 1,014 All other intangibles: Other credit card–related intangibles $ 272 $— Core deposit intangibles 3,328 8 All other intangibles 2,126 677 Total other intangible assets $ 5,726 $ 685 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Goodwill As of December 31, 2004, goodwill increased by $34.7 billion compared with December 31, 2003, principally in connection with the Merger, but also due to the acquisitions of EFS and a majority stake in Highbridge. Goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2004 or 2003, nor was any goodwill written off during the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 or 2002. Under SFAS 142, goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment. Goodwill attributed to the business segments was as follows: Goodwill resulting Dec. 31, Dec. 31, from the Merger, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) July 1, 2004 Investment Bank $ 3,309 $ 2,084 $ 1,233 Retail Financial Services 15,022 446 14,559 Card Services 12,781 — 12,765 Commercial Banking 2,650 61 2,592 Treasury & Securities Services 2,044 1,390 461 Asset & Wealth Management 7,020 4,153 2,536 Corporate (Private Equity) 377 377 — Total goodwill $ 43,203 $ 8,511 $ 34,146 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Mortgage servicing rights JPMorgan Chase recognizes as intangible assets mortgage servicing rights, which represent the right to perform specified residential mortgage servicing activities for others. MSRs are either purchased from third parties or retained upon sale or securitization of mortgage loans. Servicing activities include col- lecting principal, interest, and escrow payments from borrowers; making tax and insurance payments on behalf of the borrowers; monitoring delinquencies and executing foreclosure proceedings; and accounting for and remitting prin- cipal and interest payments to the investors of the mortgage-backed securities. The amount capitalized as MSRs represents the amount paid to third parties to acquire MSRs or is based on fair value, if retained upon the sale or securiti- zation of mortgage loans. The Firm estimates the fair value of MSRs using a discounted future cash flow model. The model considers portfolio characteris- tics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delin- quency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenues, costs to service and other economic factors. The Firm compares its fair value estimates and assumptions to observable market data where available and to recent market activity and actual portfolio experience. Management believes that the assumptions used to estimate fair values are supportable and reasonable. The Firm accounts for its MSRs at the lower of cost or market, in accordance with SFAS 140. MSRs are amortized as a reduction of the actual servicing income received in proportion to, and over the period of the estimated future net servicing income stream of, the underlying mortgage loans. For purposes of evaluating and measuring impairment of MSRs, the Firm stratifies its port- folio on the basis of the predominant risk characteristics, which are loan type and interest rate. Any indicated impairment is recognized as a reduction in revenue through a valuation allowance, to the extent that the carrying value of an individual stratum exceeds its estimated fair value. The Firm evaluates other-than-temporary impairment by reviewing changes in mortgage and other market interest rates over historical periods and then determines an interest rate scenario to estimate the amounts of the MSRs’ gross carrying value and the related valuation allowance that could be expected to be recovered in the foreseeable future. Any gross carrying value and related valuation allowance amount that are not expected to be recov- ered in the foreseeable future, based upon the interest rate scenario, are con- sidered to be other-than-temporary. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 110 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The carrying value of MSRs is sensitive to changes in interest rates, including their effect on prepayment speeds. JPMorgan Chase uses a combination of derivatives, AFS securities and trading instruments to manage changes in the fair value of MSRs. The intent is to offset any changes in the fair value of MSRs with changes in the fair value of the related risk management instru- ment. MSRs decrease in value when interest rates decline. Conversely, securi- ties (such as mortgage-backed securities), principal-only certificates and deriv- atives (when the Firm receives fixed-rate interest payments) decrease in value when interest rates increase. The Firm offsets the interest rate risk of its MSRs by designating certain derivatives (e.g., a combination of swaps, swaptions and floors that produces an interest rate profile opposite to the designated risk of the hedged MSRs) as fair value hedges of specified MSRs under SFAS 133. SFAS 133 hedge accounting allows the carrying value of the hedged MSRs to be adjusted through earnings in the same period that the change in value of the hedging derivatives is recognized through earnings. Both of these valuation adjustments are recorded in Mortgage fees and related income. When applying SFAS 133, the loans underlying the MSRs being hedged are stratified into specific SFAS 133 asset groupings that possess similar interest rate and prepayment risk exposures. The documented hedge period for the Firm is daily. Daily adjustments are performed to incorporate new or terminated derivative contracts and to modify the amount of the corresponding similar asset grouping that is being hedged. The Firm has designated changes in the benchmark interest rate (LIBOR) as the hedged risk. In designating the bench- mark interest rate, the Firm considers the impact that the change in the bench- mark rate has on the prepayment speed estimates in determining the fair value of the MSRs. The Firm performs both prospective and retrospective hedge effectiveness evaluations, using a regression analysis, to determine whether the hedge relationship is expected to be highly effective. Hedge effec- tiveness is assessed by comparing the change in value of the MSRs, as a result of changes in benchmark interest rates, to the change in the value of the des- ignated derivatives. For a further discussion on derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 26 on pages 118–119 of this Annual Report. Securities (both AFS and Trading) are also used to manage the risk exposure of MSRs. Because these securities do not qualify as hedges under SFAS 133, they are accounted for under SFAS 115, with realized gains and losses and unreal- ized gains and losses on trading securities recognized in earnings in Securities/private equity gains, interest income on the AFS securities is recog- nized in earnings in Net interest income, and unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities are reported in Other comprehensive income. Finally, certain non- hedge derivatives, which have not been designated by management in SFAS 133 hedge relationships, are used to manage the economic risk exposure of MSRs and are recorded in Mortgage fees and related income. The following table summarizes MSR activity and related amortization for the dates indicated. It also includes the key assumptions and the sensitivity of the fair value of MSRs at December 31, 2004, to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in each of those assumptions. Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Balance at January 1 $ 6,159 $ 4,864 $ 7,749 Additions 1,757 3,201 2,071 Bank One merger 90 NA NA Sales (3) —— Other-than-temporary impairment (149) (283) — Amortization (1,297) (1,397) (1,367) SFAS 133 hedge valuation adjustments (446) (226) (3,589) Balance at December 31 6,111 6,159 4,864 Less: valuation allowance 1,031 1,378 1,634 Balance at December 31, after valuation allowance $ 5,080 $ 4,781 $ 3,230 Estimated fair value at December 31 $ 5,124 $ 4,781 $ 3,230 Weighted-average prepayment speed assumption (CPR) 17.29% 17.67% 28.50% Weighted-average discount rate 7.93% 7.31% 7.70% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. CPR: Constant prepayment rate 2004 Weighted-average prepayment speed assumption (CPR) 17.29% Impact on fair value with 10% adverse change $ (295) Impact on fair value with 20% adverse change (558) Weighted-average discount rate 7.93% Impact on fair value with 10% adverse change $ (128) Impact on fair value with 20% adverse change (249) CPR: Constant prepayment rate. The sensitivity analysis in the preceding table is hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures indicate, changes in fair value based on a 10% and 20% variation in assumptions generally cannot be easily extrapolated because the relationship of the change in the assumptions to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect that a change in a particular assumption may have on the fair value is calculated without chang- ing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. The valuation allowance represents the extent to which the carrying value of MSRs exceeds its estimated fair value for its applicable SFAS 140 strata. Changes in the valuation allowance are the result of the recognition of impairment or the recovery of previously recognized impairment charges, due to changes in market conditions during the period. The changes in the valua- tion allowance for MSRs were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Balance at January 1 $ 1,378 $ 1,634 $ 1,170 Other-than-temporary impairment (149) (283) — SFAS 140 impairment (recovery) adjustment (198) 27 464 Balance at December 31 $ 1,031 $ 1,378 $ 1,634 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results, while 2003 results include heritage JPMorgan Chase only. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 111 During 2004 and 2003, the Firm recorded an other-than-temporary impair- ment of its MSRs of $149 million and $283 million, respectively, which permanently reduced the gross carrying value of the MSRs and the related valuation allowance. The permanent reduction precludes subsequent reversals. This write-down had no impact on the results of operations or financial con- dition of the Firm. All other intangible assets For 2004, All other intangible assets increased by approximately $7.9 billion, principally as a result of the Merger. This increase is net of amortization and includes $510 million of indefinite lived intangibles related to asset manage- ment advisory contracts. Indefinite-lived intangibles are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment at least annually. The remainder of the Firm’s other acquired intangible assets are subject to amortization. Note 16 – Premises and equipment Premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. JPMorgan Chase com- putes depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of an asset. For leasehold improvements, the Firm uses the straight-line method computed over the lesser of the remaining term of the leased facility or 10 years. JPMorgan Chase capitalizes certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software under SOP 98-1. Once the software is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software’s expected useful life. The components of credit card relationships, core deposits and other intangible assets were as follows: 2004 2003(b) Net Net Gross Accumulated carrying Gross Accumulated carrying December 31, (in millions) amount amortization value amount amortization value Purchased credit card relationships $ 5,225 $ 1,347 $ 3,878 $ 1,885 $ 871 $ 1,014 Other credit card–related intangibles 295 23 272 —— — Core deposit intangibles 3,797 469 3,328 147 139 8 All other intangibles 2,528 402 (a) 2,126 946 269 677 Amortization expense (in millions) (c) 2004 2003 2002 Purchased credit card relationships $4 7 6 $ 256 $ 280 Other credit card–related intangibles 23 —— Core deposit intangibles 330 61 0 All other intangibles 117 32 33 Total amortization expense $9 4 6 $ 294 $ 323 (a) Includes $16 million of amortization expense related to servicing assets on securitized automobile loans, which is recorded i n Asset management, administration and commissions, for 2004. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Future amortization expense The following table presents estimated amortization expenses related to credit card relationships, core deposits and All other intangible assets at December 31, 2004: Other credit (in millions) Purchased credit card-related Core deposit All other Year ended December 31, card relationships intangibles intangibles intangible assets Total 2005 $ 701 $ 45 $ 622 $ 165 $ 1,533 2006 674 40 531 153 1,398 2007 606 35 403 136 1,180 2008 502 33 294 128 957 2009 360 29 239 124 752 Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 112 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Note 17 – Long-term debt JPMorgan Chase issues long-term debt denominated in various currencies, although predominantly U.S. dollars, with both fixed and variable interest rates. The following table is a summary of long-term debt (net of unamortized original issue debt discount and SFAS 133 valuation adju stments): By remaining contractual maturity at December 31, 2004 Under After 2004 2003 (in millions) 1 year 1–5 years 5 years total total(g) Parent company Senior debt: (a) Fixed rate $ 2,864 $ 20,029 $ 2,670 $ 25,563 $ 15,044 Variable rate 6,221 8,295 612 15,128 10,696 Interest rates (b) 1.22–7.63% 0.20–6.88% 1.12–5.00% 0.20–7.63% 0.96–7.50% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ 1,419 $ 7,536 $ 13,100 $ 22,055 $ 14,382 Variable rate 309 46 2,331 2,686 513 Interest rates (b) 4.78–7.13% 5.75–9.88% 1.92–10.00% 1.92–10.00% 4.78–8.25% Subtotal $ 10,813 $ 35,906 $ 18,713 $ 65,432 $ 40,635 Subsidiaries Senior debt: (a) Fixed rate $ 283 $ 4,133 $ 1,833 $ 6,249 $ 2,829 Variable rate 4,234 13,547 4,316 22,097 3,842 Interest rates (b) 2.13–10.45% 1.71–11.74% 2.19–13.00% 1.71–13.00% 1.13–13.00% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ 503 $ 831 $ 310 $ 1,644 $ 708 Variable rate — — — — — Interest rates (b) 6.00–7.00% 6.13–6.70% 8.25% 6.00–8.25% 6.13–7.00% Subtotal $ 5,020 $ 18,511 $ 6,459 $ 29,990 $ 7,379 Total long-term debt $ 15,833 $ 54,417 $ 25,172 $ 95,422 (d)(e)(f) $ 48,014 FIN 46R long-term beneficial interests: (c) Fixed rate $ — $ 341 $ 434 $7 7 5 $ 353 Variable rate 3,072 570 1,976 5,618 2,076 Interest rates (b) 2.02–2.84% 0.54–7.35% 2.25–12.79% 0.54–12.79% 1.12–10.00% Total FIN 46R long-term beneficial interests $ 3,072 $ 911 $ 2,410 $ 6,393 $ 2,429 (a) Included are various equity-linked or other indexed instruments. Embedded derivatives separated from hybrid securities in acc ordance with SFAS 133 are reported at fair value and shown net with the host contract on the balance sheet. Changes in fair value of separated derivatives are recorded in Trading revenue. (b) The interest rates shown are the range of contractual rates in effect at year-end, including non-U.S. dollar fixed and variabl e-rate issuances, which excludes the effects of related derivative instru- ments. The use of these derivative instruments modifies the Firm’s exposure to the contractual interest rates disclosed in the t able above. Including the effects of derivatives, the range of modified rates in effect at December 31, 2004, for total long-term debt was 0.14% to 11.74%, versus the contractual range of 0.20% to 13.00 % presented in the table above. (c) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities. (d) At December 31, 2004, long-term debt aggregating $23.3 billion was redeemable at the option of JPMorgan Chase, in whole or in p art, prior to maturity, based on the terms specified in the respective notes. (e) The aggregate principal amount of debt that matures in each of the five years subsequent to 2004 is $15.8 billion in 2005, $1 5.4 billion in 2006, $15.5 billion in 2007, $11.6 billion in 2008 and $11.9 billion in 2009. (f) Includes $1.5 billion of outstanding zero-coupon notes at December 31, 2004. The aggregate principal amount of these notes at their respective maturities is $4.6 billion. (g) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The weighted-average contractual interest rate for total long-term debt was 4.50% and 4.71% as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. In order to modify exposure to interest rate and currency exchange rate movements, JPMorgan Chase utilizes derivative instruments, primarily interest rate and cross-currency interest rate swaps, in conjunction with some of its debt issues. The use of these instruments modifies the Firm’s interest expense on the associated debt. The modified weighted-average interest rate for total long- term debt, including the effects of related derivative instruments, was 3.97% and 2.79% as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. JPMorgan Chase has guaranteed certain debt of its subsidiaries, including both long-term debt and structured notes sold as part of the Firm’s trading activities. These guarantees rank on a parity with all of the Firm’s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. Guaranteed liabilities totaled $320 million and $509 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities At December 31, 2004, the Firm had 22 wholly-owned Delaware statutory business trusts (“issuer trusts”) that issued guaranteed preferred beneficial interests in the Firm’s junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures. As a result of the adoption of FIN 46, JPMorgan Chase deconsolidated all the issuer trusts. Accordingly, the junior subordinated deferrable interest deben- tures issued by the Firm to the issuer trusts, totaling $10.3 billion and $6.8 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, were reflected in the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets in the Liabilities section under the caption “Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities.” JPMorgan Chase records interest expens- es on the corresponding junior subordinated debentures in its Consolidated statements of income. The Firm also records the common capital securities issued by the issuer trusts in Other assets in its Consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2004 and 2003. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 113 The debentures issued to the issuer trusts by the Firm, less the capital securi- ties of the issuer trusts, qualify as Tier 1 capital. The following is a summary of the outstanding capital securities, net of discount, issued by each trust and the junior subordinated deferrable interest debenture issued by JPMorgan Chase to each trust as of December 31, 2004: Amount Principal Stated maturity of capital amount of of capital securities debenture, securities Earliest Interest rate of Interest issued held Issue and redemption capital securities payment/ December 31, 2004 (in millions) by trust (a) by trust (b) date debentures date and debentures distribution dates Bank One Capital II $ 280 $ 312 2000 2030 2005 8.50% Quarterly Bank One Capital III 474 621 2000 2030 Any time 8.75% Semiannually Bank One Capital IV 158 163 2000 2030 2005 LIBOR + 1.50% Quarterly Bank One Capital V 300 336 2001 2031 2006 8.00% Quarterly Bank One Capital VI 525 565 2001 2031 2006 7.20% Quarterly Chase Capital I 600 619 1996 2026 2006 7.67% Semiannually Chase Capital II 495 510 1997 2027 2007 LIBOR + 0.50% Quarterly Chase Capital III 296 306 1997 2027 2007 LIBOR + 0.55% Quarterly Chase Capital VI 248 256 1998 2028 Any time LIBOR + 0.625% Quarterly Chase Capital VIII 250 258 2000 2030 2005 8.25% Quarterly First Chicago NBD Capital I 248 256 1997 2027 2007 LIBOR + 0.55% Quarterly First Chicago NBD Institutional Capital A 499 553 1996 2026 2006 7.95% Semiannually First Chicago NBD Institutional Capital B 250 274 1996 2026 2006 7.75% Semiannually First USA Capital Trust I 3 3 1996 2027 2007 9.33% Semiannually JPM Capital Trust I 750 773 1996 2027 2007 7.54% Semiannually JPM Capital Trust II 400 412 1997 2027 2007 7.95% Semiannually J.P . Morgan Chase Capital IX 500 515 2001 2031 2006 7.50% Quarterly J.P . Morgan Chase Capital X 1,000 1,046 2002 2032 2007 7.00% Quarterly J.P . Morgan Chase Capital XI 1,075 1,022 2003 2033 2008 5.88% Quarterly J.P . Morgan Chase Capital XII 400 403 2003 2033 2008 6.25% Quarterly J.P . Morgan Chase Capital XIII 472 486 2004 2034 2014 LIBOR + 0.95% Quarterly JPMorgan Chase Capital XIV 600 607 2004 2034 2009 6.20% Quarterly Total $ 9,823 $ 10,296 (a) Represents the amount of capital securities issued to the public by each trust, net of unamortized discount. (b) Represents the principal amount of JPMorgan Chase debentures held as assets by each trust, net of unamortized discount amount s. The principal amount of debentures held by the trusts includes the impact of hedging and purchase accounting fair value adjustments that are recorded on the Firm’s financial statements. Note 18 – Preferred stock JPMorgan Chase is authorized to issue 200 million shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, with a par value of $1 per share. Outstanding preferred stock at December 31, 2004 and 2003, was 4 million and 18 million shares, respectively. On December 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase redeemed a total of 14 million shares of its Series A, L and N variable cumulative preferred stocks. The following is a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s preferred stock outstanding: Stated value and Rate in effect at (in millions, except redemption Shares Outstanding at December 31, Earliest December 31, per share amounts and rates) price per share (a) 2004 2003 2004 2003 redemption date 2004 Fixed/adjustable rate, noncumulative $ 50.00 4.00 4.00 $2 0 0 $ 200 See Note (c) 5.46%(d) 6.63% Series H cumulative (b) 500.00 0.28 0.28 139 139 3/31/2006 6.63 Adjustable rate, Series A cumulative 100.00 — 2.42 — 242 — — Adjustable rate, Series L cumulative 100.00 — 2.00 — 200 — — Adjustable rate, Series N cumulative 25.00 — 9.10 — 228 — — Total preferred stock 4.28 17.80 $3 3 9 $ 1,009 (a) Redemption price includes amount shown in the table plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. (b) Represented by depositary shares. (c) The shares are redeemable at any time with not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice. (d) The fixed/adjustable rate preferred stock remained fixed at 4.96% through June 30, 2003; thereafter, the minimum and maximum ra tes are 5.46% and 11.46%, respectively. Dividends on shares of each outstanding series of preferred stock are payable quarterly. All of the preferred stock outstanding takes precedence over JPMorgan Chase’s common stock for the payment of dividends and the distri- bution of assets in the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Firm. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 114 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Note 19 – Common stock At December 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase was authorized to issue 9.0 billion shares of common stock, with a $1 par value per share. In connection with the Merger, the shareholders approved an increase in the amount of author- ized shares of 4.5 billion from the 4.5 billion that had been authorized as of December 31, 2003. Common shares issued (newly issued or distributed from treasury) by JPMorgan Chase during 2004, 2003 and 2002 were as follows: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) 2002(a) Issued – balance at January 1 2,044.4 2,023.6 1,996.9 Newly issued: Employee benefits and compensation plans 69.0 20.9 25.9 Employee stock purchase plans 3.1 0.7 0.8 Purchase accounting acquisitions and other 1,469.4 —— Total newly issued 1,541.5 21.6 26.7 Cancelled shares (1.1) (0.8) — Total issued – balance at December 31 3,584.8 2,044.4 2,023.6 Treasury – balance at January 1 (1.8) (24.9) (23.5) Purchase of treasury stock (19.3) —— Share repurchases related to employee stock-based awards (b) (7.5) (3.0) (3.9) Issued from treasury: Employee benefits and compensation plans — 25.8 2.1 Employee stock purchase plans — 0.3 0.4 Total issued from treasury — 26.1 2.5 Total treasury – balance at December 31 (28.6) (1.8) (24.9) Outstanding 3,556.2 2,042.6 1,998.7 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Participants in the 1996 Long-Term Incentive Plan and Stock Option Plan have shares with- held to cover income taxes. The shares withheld amounted to 5.7 million, 2.3 million and 2.9 million for 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. During 2004, the Firm repurchased 19.3 million shares of common stock under a stock repurchase program which was approved by the Board of Directors on July 20, 2004. The Firm did not repurchase shares of its common stock during 2003 or 2002 under the prior stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2004, approximately 531 million unissued shares of com- mon stock were reserved for issuance under various employee incentive, option and stock-purchase plans. Note 20 – Earnings per share SFAS 128 requires the presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) in the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income applicable to common stock by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is computed using the same method as basic EPS but, in the denominator, the number of com- mon shares reflect, in addition to outstanding shares, the potential dilution that could occur if convertible securities or other contracts to issue common stock were converted or exercised into common stock. Net income available for common stock is the same for basic EPS and diluted EPS, as JPMorgan Chase had no convertible securities, and therefore, no adjustments to net income available for common stock were necessary. The following table pres- ents the calculation of basic and diluted EPS for 2004, 2003 and 2002: Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Basic earnings per share Net income $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 Less: preferred stock dividends 52 51 51 Net income applicable to common stock $ 4,414 $ 6,668 $ 1,612 Weighted-average basic shares outstanding 2,779.9 2,008.6 1,984.3 Net income per share $ 1.59 $ 3.32 $ 0.81 Diluted earnings per share Net income applicable to common stock $ 4,414 $ 6,668 $ 1,612 Weighted-average basic shares outstanding 2,779.9 2,008.6 1,984.3 Add: Broad-based options 5.4 4.1 2.8 Key employee options 65.3 42.4 22.0 Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding 2,850.6 2,055.1 2,009.1 Net income per share (b) $ 1.55 $ 3.24 $ 0.80 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Options issued under employee benefit plans to purchase 300 million, 335 million and 362 million shares of common stock were outstanding for the years ended 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the options’ exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares. Note 21 – Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated other comprehensive income includes the after-tax change in unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities, cash flow hedging activities and foreign currency translation adjustments (including the impact of related derivatives). Accumulated Year ended Unrealized Cash other December 31, (a) gains (losses) Translation flow comprehensive (in millions) on AFS securities (b) adjustments hedges income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2001 $ (135) $ (2) $ (305) $ (442) Net change 866 (4) 807 1,669 Balance at December 31, 2002 731 (6) 502 1,227 Net change (712) — (545) (1,257) Balance at December 31, 2003 19 (6) (43) (30) Net change (80)(c) (2)(d) (96) (178) Balance at December 31, 2004 $ (61) $ (8) (e) $ (139) $ (208) (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents the after-tax difference between the fair value and amortized cost of the AFS securities portfolio and retained interests in securitizations recorded in Other assets. (c) The net change during 2004 is primarily due to increasing rates and recognition of unrealized gains through securities sales. (d) Includes $280 million of after-tax gains (losses) on foreign currency translation from opera- tions for which the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, offset by $(282) million of after-tax gains (losses) on hedges. (e) Includes after-tax gains and losses on foreign currency translation, including related hedge results from operations, for which the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 115 The following table presents the after-tax changes in net unrealized holdings gains (losses) and the reclassification adjustments in unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities and cash flow hedges. Reclassification adjustments include amounts recognized in net income during the current year that had been previously recorded in Other comprehensive income. Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities: Net unrealized holdings gains (losses) arising during the period, net of taxes (b) $4 1 $ 149 $ 1,090 Reclassification adjustment for gains included in income, net of taxes (c) (121) (861) (224) Net change $ (80) $ (712) $ 866 Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized holdings gains (losses) arising during the period, net of taxes (d) $3 4 $ 86 $ 663 Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in income, net of taxes (e) (130) (631) 144 Net change $ (96) $ (545) $ 807 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Net of tax expense of $27 million for 2004, $92 million for 2003 and $758 million for 2002. (c) Net of tax expense of $79 million for 2004, $528 million for 2003 and $156 million for 2002. (d) Net of tax expense of $23 million for 2004, $60 million for 2003 and $461 million for 2002. (e) Net of tax expense of $86 million for 2004 and $438 million for 2003, and net of tax benefit of $100 million for 2002. Note 22 – Income taxes JPMorgan Chase and its eligible subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. JPMorgan Chase uses the asset-and-liability method required by SFAS 109 to provide income taxes on all transactions recorded in the Consolidated financial statements. This requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. Accordingly, a deferred tax liability or asset for each temporary difference is determined based on the tax rates that the Firm expects to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. JPMorgan Chase’s expense for income taxes includes the current and deferred portions of that expense. A valuation allowance is estab- lished to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount the Firm expects to realize. Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of the Firm’s businesses, and from conducting business and being taxed in a substantial number of juris- dictions, significant judgments and estimates are required to be made. Thus, the Firm’s final tax-related assets and liabilities may ultimately be different. Deferred income tax expense (benefit) results from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting and for income-tax return pur- poses. The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected in the following table: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Deferred tax assets Allowance for other than loan losses $ 3,711 $ 1,152 Allowance for loan losses 2,739 1,410 Employee benefits 2,677 2,245 Non-U.S. operations 743 741 Gross deferred tax assets $ 9,870 $ 5,548 Deferred tax liabilities Leasing transactions $ 4,266 $ 3,703 Depreciation and amortization 3,558 1,037 Fee income 1,162 387 Non-U.S. operations 1,144 687 Fair value adjustments 186 538 Other, net 348 68 Gross deferred tax liabilities $ 10,664 $ 6,420 Valuation allowance $ 150 $ 200 Net deferred tax liability $ (944) $ (1,072) (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. A valuation allowance has been recorded in accordance with SFAS 109, pri- marily relating to deferred tax assets associated with non-U.S. operations. The components of income tax expense included in the Consolidated state- ments of income were as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Current income tax expense (benefit) U.S. federal $ 1,695 $ 965 $ (1,334) Non-U.S. 679 741 461 U.S. state and local 181 175 93 Total current expense (benefit) 2,555 1,881 (780) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense U.S. federal (382) 1,341 1,630 Non-U.S. (322) 14 (352) U.S. state and local (123) 73 358 Total deferred (benefit) expense (827) 1,428 1,636 Total income tax expense $ 1,728 $ 3,309 $ 856 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. The preceding table does not reflect the tax effects of unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities, SFAS 133 hedge transactions and certain tax benefits associated with the Firm’s employee stock plans. The tax effect of these items is recorded directly in Stockholders’ equity. Stockholders’ equity increased by $190 million and $898 million in 2004 and 2003, respectively, and decreased by $1.1 billion in 2002 as a result of these tax effects. U.S. federal income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earn- ings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, to the extent that such earnings have been reinvested abroad for an indefinite period of time. For 2004, such earn- ings approximated $369 million on a pre-tax basis. At December 31, 2004, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings in these subsidiaries approx- imated $2.6 billion. It is not practicable at this time to determine the income tax liability that would result upon repatriation of these earnings. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 116 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report On October 22, 2004, the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the “Act”) was signed into law. The Act creates a temporary incentive for U.S. companies to repatriate accumulated foreign earnings at a substantially reduced U.S. effective tax rate by providing a dividends received deduction on the repatria- tion of certain foreign earnings to the U.S. taxpayer (the “repatriation provi- sion”). The new deduction is subject to a number of limitations and require- ments and is effective for either the 2004 or 2005 tax years for calendar year taxpayers. The range of possible amounts that may be considered for repatria- tion under this provision is between zero and $1.9 billion. The Firm is current- ly assessing the impact of the repatriation provision and, at this time, cannot reasonably estimate the related range of income tax effects of such repatria- tion provision. Accordingly, the Firm has not reflected the tax effect of the repatriation provision in income tax expense or income tax liabilities. The tax expense applicable to securities gains and losses for the years 2004, 2003 and 2002 was $126 million, $477 million and $531 million, respectively. A reconciliation of the applicable statutory U.S. income tax rate to the effective tax rate for the past three years is shown in the following table: Year ended December 31, (a) 2004 2003 2002 Statutory U.S. federal tax rate 35.0% 35.0% 35.0% Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: U.S. state and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 0.6 (b) 2.1 11.6 Tax-exempt income (4.1) (2.4) (6.2) Non-U.S. subsidiary earnings (1.3) (0.7) (2.2) Business tax credits (4.1) (0.9) (3.5) Other, net 1.8 (0.1) (0.7) Effective tax rate 27.9% 33.0% 34.0% (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) The decrease in 2004 is attributable to changes in the proportion of income subject to different state and local taxes. The following table presents the U.S. and non-U.S. components of income before income tax expense: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 U.S. $ 3,817 $ 7,333 $ 1,834 Non-U.S.(b) 2,377 2,695 685 Income before income tax expense $ 6,194 $ 10,028 $ 2,519 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the United States. Note 23 – Restrictions on cash and intercompany funds transfers The Federal Reserve Board requires depository institutions to maintain cash reserves with a Federal Reserve Bank. The average amount of reserve balances deposited by the Firm’s bank subsidiaries with various Federal Reserve Banks was approximately $3.8 billion in 2004 and $2.6 billion in 2003. Restrictions imposed by federal law prohibit JPMorgan Chase and certain other affiliates from borrowing from banking subsidiaries unless the loans are secured in specified amounts. Such secured loans to the Firm or to other affil- iates are generally limited to 10% of the banking subsidiary’s total capital, as determined by the risk-based capital guidelines; the aggregate amount of all such loans is limited to 20% of the banking subsidiary’s total capital. The principal sources of JPMorgan Chase’s income (on a parent company- only basis) are dividends and interest from JPMorgan Chase Bank and the other banking and nonbanking subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase. In addition to dividend restrictions set forth in statutes and regulations, the FRB, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) have authority under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries that are banks or bank holding companies, if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. At January 1, 2005 and 2004, JPMorgan Chase’s bank subsidiaries could pay, in the aggregate, $6.2 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively, in dividends to their respective bank holding companies without prior approval of their rele- vant banking regulators. Dividend capacity in 2005 will be supplemented by the banks’ earnings during the year. In compliance with rules and regulations established by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, cash in the amount of $4.3 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively, and securities with a fair value of $3.6 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, were segregated in special bank accounts for the benefit of securities and futures brokerage customers. Note 24 – Capital There are two categories of risk-based capital: Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capi- tal. Tier 1 capital includes common stockholders’ equity, qualifying preferred stock and minority interest less goodwill and other adjustments. Tier 2 capital consists of preferred stock not qualifying as Tier 1, subordinated long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2, and the aggregate allowance for credit losses up to a certain percentage of risk-weighted assets. Total reg- ulatory capital is subject to deductions for investments in certain subsidiaries. Under the risk-based capital guidelines of the FRB, JPMorgan Chase is required to maintain minimum ratios of Tier 1 and total (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital to risk-weighted assets, as well as minimum leverage ratios (which are defined as Tier 1 capital to average adjusted on–balance sheet assets). Failure to meet these minimum requirements could cause the FRB to take action. Bank subsidiaries also are subject to these capital requirements by their respective primary regulators. As of December 31, 2004 and 2003, JPMorgan Chase and its primary banking subsidiaries met all capital requirements to which each was subject. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 117 The following table presents the risk-based capital ratios for JPMorgan Chase and its significant banking subsidiaries at Decem ber 31, 2004 and 2003: Tier 1 Total Risk-weighted Adjusted Tier 1 Total Tier 1 (in millions, except ratios) capital capital assets (b) average assets (c) capital ratio capital ratio leverage ratio December 31, 2004 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (a) $ 68,621 $ 96,807 $ 791,373 $ 1,102,456 8.7% 12.2% 6.2% JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 55,489 78,478 670,295 922,877 8.3 11.7 6.0 Chase Bank USA, N.A. 8,726 11,186 86,955 71,797 10.0 12.9 12.2 December 31, 2003 (d) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (a) $ 43,167 $ 59,816 $ 507,456 $ 765,910 8.5% 11.8% 5.6% JPMorgan Chase Bank 34,972 45,290 434,218 628,076 8.1 10.4 5.6 Chase Manhattan Bank USA, N.A. 4,950 6,939 48,030 34,565 10.3 14.4 14.3 Well-capitalized ratios (e) 6.0% 10.0% 5.0% (f) Minimum capital ratios (e) 4.0 8.0 3.0 (a) Asset and capital amounts for JPMorgan Chase’s banking subsidiaries reflect intercompany transactions, whereas the respectiv e amounts for JPMorgan Chase reflect the elimination of intercompany transactions. (b) Includes off–balance sheet risk-weighted assets in the amounts of $250.3 billion, $229.6 billion and $15.5 billion, respectiv ely, at December 31, 2004, and $174.2 billion, $152.1 billion and $13.3 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2003. (c) Average adjusted assets for purposes of calculating the leverage ratio include total average assets adjusted for unrealized gains/losses on securities, less deductions for disallowed goodwill and other intangible assets, investments in subsidiaries and the total adjusted carrying value of nonfinancial equity investments that are subject to deductions from Tier 1 capital. (d) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (e) As defined by the regulations issued by the FRB, FDIC and OCC. (f) Represents requirements for bank subsidiaries pursuant to regulations issued under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporatio n Improvement Act. There is no Tier 1 leverage component in the definition of a well-capitalized bank holding company. The following table shows the components of the Firm’s Tier 1 and total capital: December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) Tier 1 capital Total stockholders’ equity $ 105,653 $ 46,154 Effect of net unrealized losses on AFS securities and cash flow hedging activities 200 24 Adjusted stockholders’ equity 105,853 46,178 Minority interest(b) 11,050 6,882 Less: Goodwill 43,203 8,511 Investments in certain subsidiaries 370 266 Nonqualifying intangible assets 4,709 1,116 Tier 1 capital $ 68,621 $ 43,167 Tier 2 capital Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 $ 20,690 $ 12,128 Qualifying allowance for credit losses 7,798 4,777 Less: Investments in certain subsidiaries and other 302 256 Tier 2 capital $ 28,186 $ 16,649 Total qualifying capital $ 96,807 $ 59,816 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Primarily includes trust preferred securities of certain business trusts. Note 25 – Commitments and contingencies At December 31, 2004, JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries were obligated under a number of noncancelable operating leases for premises and equipment used primarily for banking purposes. Certain leases contain rent escalation clauses for real estate taxes; they may also contain other operating expenses and renewal-option clauses calling for increased rents. No lease agreement imposes restrictions on the Firm’s ability to pay dividends, engage in debt or equity financing transactions, or enter into further lease agreements. The following table shows required future minimum rental payments under oper- ating leases with noncancelable lease terms that expire after December 31, 2004: Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2005 $ 1,060 2006 979 2007 899 2008 838 2009 776 After 5,301 Total minimum payments required 9,853 Less: Sublease rentals under noncancelable subleases (689) Net minimum payment required $ 9,164 Total rental expense was as follows: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Gross rentals $ 1,187 $ 1,061 $ 1,012 Sublease rentals (158) (106) (134) Net rental expense $ 1,029 $ 955 $ 878 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. At December 31, 2004, assets were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes. The significant components of the assets pledged were as follows: December 31, (in billions) 2004 2003(b) Reverse repurchase/securities borrowing agreements $ 238 $ 197 Securities 49 45 Loans 75 48 Other(a) 90 96 Total assets pledged $ 452 $ 386 (a) Primarily composed of trading assets. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 118 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Litigation reserve During 2004, JPMorgan Chase increased its Litigation reserve by $3.7 billion. While the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain, the amount of the Firm’s Litigation reserve at December 31, 2004, reflected management’s assessment of the appropriate litigation reserve level in light of all informa- tion known as of that date. Management reviews litigation reserves periodi- cally, and the reserve may be increased or decreased in the future to reflect further developments. The Firm believes it has meritorious defenses to claims asserted against it and intends to continue to defend itself vigorously, litigat- ing or settling cases, according to management’s judgment as to what is in the best interest of stockholders. Note 26 – Accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities Derivative instruments enable end users to increase, reduce or alter exposure to credit or market risks. The value of a derivative is derived from its reference to an underlying variable or combination of variables such as equity, foreign exchange, credit, commodity or interest rate prices or indices. JPMorgan Chase makes markets in derivatives for its customers and also is an end-user of derivatives in order to manage the Firm’s exposure to credit and market risks. SFAS 133, as amended by SFAS 138 and SFAS 149, establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including those used for trading and hedging activities, and derivative instruments embedded in other contracts. All free-standing derivatives, whether designated for hedging rela- tionships or not, are required to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in value of a derivative depends on whether the contract is for trading purposes or has been designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. The majority of the Firm’s derivatives are entered into for trading purposes. The Firm also uses derivatives as an end user to hedge market exposures, modify the interest rate characteristics of related balance sheet instruments or meet longer-term investment objectives. Both trading and end-user derivatives are recorded at fair value in Trading assets and Trading liabilities as set forth in Note 3 on pages 90–91 of this Annual Report. In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a derivative must be considered highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. Each derivative must be designated as a hedge, with documentation of the risk management objective and strategy, including identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item and the risk exposure, and how effectiveness is to be assessed prospectively and retrospectively. The extent to which a hedg- ing instrument is effective at achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows must be assessed at least quarterly. Any ineffectiveness must be report- ed in current-period earnings. For certain types of hedge relationships meet- ing stringent criteria, SFAS 133’s “shortcut” method provides for an assump- tion of zero ineffectiveness. Under the shortcut method, quarterly effective- ness assessment is not required, and the entire change in the fair value of the hedging derivative is considered to be effective at achieving offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows. Due to the strict criteria of the shortcut method, the Firm’s use of this method is primarily limited to hedges of Long-term debt. For qualifying fair value hedges, all changes in the fair value of the derivative and in the fair value of the item for the risk being hedged are recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the fair value adjustment to the hedged item continues to be reported as part of the basis of the item and is amortized to earnings as a yield adjustment. For qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in Other comprehensive income and recognized in the income statement when the hedged cash flows affect earnings. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the change in fair value of the derivative recorded in Other comprehensive income is recognized when the cash flows that were hedged occur, consistent with the original hedge strategy. For hedge relationships dis- continued because the forecasted transaction is not expected to occur accord- ing to the original strategy, any related derivative amounts recorded in Other comprehensive income are immediately recognized in earnings. For qualifying net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative or the revalu- ation of the foreign currency–denominated debt instrument are recorded in the translation adjustments account within Other comprehensive income. Any inef- fective portions of net investment hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. JPMorgan Chase’s fair value hedges primarily include hedges of fixed-rate long-term debt, loans, AFS securities and MSRs. Interest rate swaps are the most common type of derivative contract used to modify exposure to interest rate risk, converting fixed-rate assets and liabilities to a floating rate. Interest rate options, swaptions and forwards are also used in combination with interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value of the Firm’s MSRs. For a further discussion of MSR risk management activities, see Note 15 on pages 109–111 of this Annual Report. All amounts have been included in earnings consistent with the classification of the hedged item, primarily Net interest income, Mortgage fees and related income, and Other income. The Firm did not recognize any gains or losses during 2004 on commitments that no longer qualify as fair value hedges. JPMorgan Chase also enters into derivative contracts to hedge exposure to variability in cash flows from floating-rate financial instruments and forecasted transactions, primarily the rollover of short-term assets and liabilities, and foreign currency-denominated revenues and expenses. Interest rate swaps, futures and forward contracts are the most common instruments used to reduce the impact of interest rate and foreign exchange rate changes on future earnings. All amounts affecting earnings have been recognized consis- tent with the classification of the hedged item, primarily Net interest income. The Firm uses forward foreign exchange contracts and foreign currency- denominated debt instruments to protect the value of its net investments in foreign currencies in its non-U.S. subsidiaries. The portion of the hedging instruments excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (forward points) is recorded in Net interest income. The following table presents derivative instrument hedging-related activities for the periods indicated: Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 Fair value hedge ineffective net gains/(losses) (b) $1 9 9 $7 3 1(c) Cash flow hedge ineffective net gains/(losses) (b) — (5) Cash flow hedging gains on forecasted transactions that failed to occur 1 — (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. 2003 reflects the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Includes ineffectiveness and the components of hedging instruments that have been excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. (c) Amount restated to include the ineffectiveness and amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness associated with MSR hedging results. Over the next 12 months, it is expected that $157 million (after-tax) of net gains recorded in Other comprehensive income at December 31, 2004, will be recog- nized in earnings. The maximum length of time over which forecasted transac- tions are hedged is 10 years, related to core lending and borrowing activities. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 119 JPMorgan Chase does not seek to apply hedge accounting to all of its eco- nomic hedges. For example, the Firm does not apply hedge accounting to credit derivatives used to manage the credit risk of loans and commitments because of the difficulties in qualifying such contracts as hedges under SFAS 133. Similarly, the Firm does not apply hedge accounting to certain interest rate derivatives used as economic hedges. Note 27 – Off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees JPMorgan Chase utilizes lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commit- ments and guarantees) to meet the financing needs of its customers. The con- tractual amount of these financial instruments represents the maximum possi- ble credit risk should the counterparty draw down the commitment or the Firm fulfill its obligation under the guarantee, and the counterparty subsequently failed to perform according to the terms of the contract. Most of these com- mitments and guarantees expire without a default occurring or without being drawn. As a result, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not, in the Firm’s view, representative of its actual future credit exposure or funding requirements. Further, certain commitments, primarily related to consumer financings, are cancelable, upon notice, at the option of the Firm. To provide for the risk of loss inherent in wholesale-related contracts, an allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments is maintained. See Note 12 on pages 102–103 of this Annual Report for a further discussion on the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments. The following table summarizes the contractual amounts of off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments and guarantees and the related allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments at December 31, 2004 and 2003: Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments Allowance for Contractual lending-related amount commitments December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(a) 2004 2003(a) Consumer $ 601,196 $ 181,198 $1 2 $4 Wholesale: Other unfunded commitments to extend credit (b)(c)(d) $ 225,152 $ 172,369 $ 185 $ 153 Standby letters of credit and guarantees (b) 78,084 34,922 292 165 Other letters of credit (b) 6,163 4,192 3 2 Total wholesale $ 309,399 $ 211,483 $ 480 $ 320 Total $ 910,595 $ 392,681 $ 492 $ 324 Customers’ securities lent $ 215,972 $ 143,143 NA NA (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Represents contractual amount net of risk participations totaling $26.4 billion and $16.5 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (c) Includes unused advised lines of credit totaling $22.8 billion and $19.4 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, which are not legally binding. In regulatory filings with the Federal Reserve Board, unused advised lines are not reportable. (d) Includes certain asset purchase agreements to the Firm’s administered multi-seller asset- backed commercial paper conduits of $31.8 billion and $11.7 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively; excludes $31.7 billion and $6.3 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, of asset purchase agreements related to the Firm’s administered multi- seller asset-backed commercial paper conduits consolidated in accordance with FIN 46R, as the underlying assets of the conduits are reported in the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. It also includes $7.5 billion and $9.2 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, of asset purchase agreements to structured wholesale loan vehicles and other third-party entities. The allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments related to these agreements was insignificant at December 31, 2004 and 2003. FIN 45 establishes accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees, requiring that a guarantor recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability in an amount equal to the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. FIN 45 defines a guarantee as a contract that contingently requires the Firm to pay a guaranteed party, based on: (a) changes in an underlying asset, liability or equity security of the guaranteed party; or (b) a third party’s failure to perform under a specified agreement. The Firm considers the following off–balance sheet lending arrangements to be guarantees under FIN 45: certain asset purchase agreements, standby letters of credit and finan- cial guarantees, securities lending indemnifications, certain indemnification agreements included within third-party contractual arrangements and certain derivative contracts. These guarantees are described in further detail below. As of January 1, 2003, newly issued or modified guarantees that are not deriv- ative contracts have been recorded on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets at their fair value at inception. The fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee at inception is typically equal to the net present value of the future amount of premium receivable under the contract. The Firm has recorded this amount in Other Liabilities with an offsetting entry recorded in Other Assets. As cash is received under the contract, it is applied to the premium receivable recorded in Other Assets, and the fair value of the liability recorded at inception is amortized into income as Lending & deposit related fees over the life of the guarantee contract. The amount of the liability related to guar- antees recorded at December 31, 2004 and 2003, excluding the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments and derivative contracts dis- cussed below, was approximately $341 million and $59 million, respectively. Unfunded commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend only when a customer has complied with predetermined conditions, and they generally expire on fixed dates. The allowance for credit losses on wholesale lending- related commitments includes $185 million and $153 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, related to unfunded commitments to extend credit. The majority of the Firm’s unfunded commitments are not guarantees as defined in FIN 45, except for certain asset purchase agreements. These asset-purchase agreements are principally used as a mechanism to provide liquidity to SPEs, primarily multi-seller conduits, as described in Note 14 on pages 106–109 of this Annual Report. Certain asset purchase agreements can be exercised at any time by the SPE’s administrator, while others require a triggering event to occur. Triggering events include, but are not limited to, a need for liquidity, a market value decline of the assets or a downgrade in the rating of JPMorgan Chase Bank. These agreements may cause the Firm to purchase an asset from the SPE at an amount above the asset’s fair value, in effect providing a guarantee of the initial value of the reference asset as of the date of the agreement. In most instances, third-party credit enhancements of the SPE mitigate the Firm’s potential losses on these agreements. The allowance for credit losses on wholesale lending-related commitments related to these agreements was insignificant at December 31, 2004. Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees are conditional lending commitments issued by JPMorgan Chase to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party under certain arrangements, such as commercial paper facilities, bond financings, acquisition financings and similar transac- tions. Approximately 70% of these arrangements mature within three years. The Firm typically has recourse to recover from the customer any amounts paid under these guarantees; in addition, the Firm may hold cash or other highly liquid collateral to support these guarantees. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 120 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report the Firm held collateral relating to $7.4 billion and $7.7 billion, respectively, of these arrangements. The allowance for credit losses on lending-related commit- ments at December 31, 2004 and 2003, included $292 million and $165 mil- lion, respectively, related to standby letters of credit and financial guarantees. The Firm holds customers’ securities under custodial arrangements. At times, these securities are loaned to third parties, and the Firm issues securities lending indemnification agreements to the customer that protect the customer against the risk of loss if the third party fails to return the securities. To support these indemnification agreements, the Firm obtains from the third party cash or other highly liquid collateral with a market value exceeding 100% of the value of the loaned securities. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, the Firm held $221.6 billion and $146.7 billion, respectively, in collateral in support of these agreements. In connection with issuing securities to investors, the Firm may enter into con- tractual arrangements with third parties that may require the Firm to make a payment to them in the event of a change in tax law or an adverse interpreta- tion of tax law. In certain cases, the contract may also include a termination clause, which would allow the Firm to settle the contract at its fair value; thus, such a clause would not require the Firm to make a payment under the indemni- fication agreement. Even without the termination clause, management does not expect such indemnification agreements to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of JPMorgan Chase. The Firm may also enter into indemnification clauses when it sells a business or assets to a third party, pursuant to which it indemnifies that third party for losses it may incur due to actions taken by the Firm prior to the sale. See below for more information regarding the Firm’s loan securitization activities. It is difficult to estimate the Firm’s maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements, since this would require an assessment of future changes in tax law and future claims that may be made against the Firm that have not yet occurred. However, based on historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote. As part of the Firm’s loan securitization activities, as described in Note 13 on pages 103–106 of this Annual Report, the Firm provides representations and warranties that certain securitized loans meet specific requirements. The Firm may be required to repurchase the loans and/or indemnify the purchaser of the loans against losses due to any breaches of such representations or war- ranties. Generally, the maximum amount of future payments the Firm would be required to make under such repurchase and/or indemnification provisions would be equal to the current amount of assets held by such securitization- related SPEs as of December 31, 2004, plus, in certain circumstances, accrued and unpaid interest on such loans and certain expenses. The potential loss due to such repurchase and/or indemnity is mitigated by the due diligence the Firm performs to ensure that the assets comply with the requirements set forth in the representations and warranties. Historically, losses incurred on such repur- chases and/or indemnifications have been insignificant, and therefore manage- ment expects the risk of material loss to be remote. In connection with Card Services, the Firm is a partner with one of the lead- ing companies in electronic payment services in two separate ventures, Chase Merchant Services and Paymentech (the “ventures”), the latter of which was acquired as a result of the Merger. These ventures provide merchant process- ing services in the United States and Canada. The ventures are each individu- ally contingently liable for processed credit card sales transactions in the event of a dispute between the cardmember and a merchant. If a dispute is resolved in the cardmember’s favor, the ventures will credit or refund the amount to the cardmember and charge back the transaction to the merchant. If the ventures are unable to collect the amount from the merchant, the ventures will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the card- member. The ventures mitigate this risk by withholding settlement, or by obtaining escrow deposits or letters of credit from certain merchants. However, in the unlikely event that: 1) a merchant ceases operations and is unable to deliver products, services or a refund; 2) the ventures do not have sufficient collateral from the merchants to provide customer refunds; and 3) the ventures do not have sufficient financial resources to provide customer refunds, the Firm would be liable to refund the cardholder in proportion to its approximate equity interest in the ventures. For the year ended December 31, 2004, the ventures incurred aggregate credit losses of $7.1 million on $396 billion of aggregate volume processed, of which the Firm shared liability only on $205 billion of aggregate volume processed. At December 31, 2004, the ventures held $620 million of collateral. In 2003, the Chase Merchant Services venture incurred aggregate credit losses of $2.0 million on $260 bil- lion of aggregate volume processed, of which the Firm shared liability only on $77 billion of aggregate volume processed. At December 31, 2003, the Chase Merchant Services venture held $242 million of collateral. The Firm believes that, based on historical experience and the collateral held by the ventures, the fair value of the guarantee would not be materially different from the credit loss allowance recorded by the ventures; therefore, the Firm has not recorded any allowance for losses in excess of the allowance recorded by the ventures. The Firm is a member of several securities and futures exchanges and clearing- houses both in the United States and overseas. Membership in some of these organizations requires the Firm to pay a pro rata share of the losses incurred by the organization as a result of the default of another member. Such obligation varies with different organizations. It may be limited to members who dealt with the defaulting member or to the amount (or a multiple of the amount) of the Firm’s contribution to a members’ guaranty fund, or, in a few cases, it may be unlimited. It is difficult to estimate the Firm’s maximum exposure under these membership agreements, since this would require an assessment of future claims that may be made against the Firm that have not yet occurred. However, based on historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote. In addition to the contracts described above, there are certain derivative contracts to which the Firm is a counterparty that meet the characteristics of a guarantee under FIN 45. These derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value. These contracts include written put options that require the Firm to purchase assets from the option holder at a specified price by a specified date in the future, as well as derivatives that effectively guaran- tee the return on a counterparty’s reference portfolio of assets. The total notional value of the derivatives that the Firm deems to be guarantees was $53 billion and $50 billion at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The Firm reduces its exposures to these contracts by entering into offsetting trans- actions or by entering into contracts that hedge the market risk related to these contracts. The fair value related to these contracts was a derivative receivable of $180 million and $163 million, and a derivative payable of $622 million and $333 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Finally, certain written put options and credit derivatives permit cash settle- ment and do not require the option holder or the buyer of credit protection to own the reference asset. The Firm does not consider these contracts to be guarantees as described in FIN 45. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 121 Note 28 – Credit risk concentrations Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of customers are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the same geographic region, or when they have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet con- tractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. JPMorgan Chase regularly monitors various segments of its credit risk portfo- lio to assess potential concentration risks and to obtain collateral when deemed necessary. In the Firm’s wholesale portfolio, risk concentrations are primarily evaluated by industry and by geographic region. In the consumer portfolio, concentrations are primarily evaluated by product and by U.S. geographic region. For further information regarding on–balance sheet credit concentrations by major product and geography, see Note 11 on page 101 of this Annual Report. For information regarding concentrations of off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments by major product, see Note 27 on page 119 of this Annual Report. More information about concentrations can be found in the following tables or discussion in the MD&A: Wholesale exposure Page 60 Wholesale selected industry concentrations Page 61 Country exposure Page 65 Consumer real estate by geographic location Page 67 The table below presents both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet wholesale- and consumer-related credit exposure as of Dece mber 31, 2004 and 2003: 2004 2003(c) Credit On-balance Off-balance Credit On-balance Off-balance December 31, (in billions) exposure sheet (a) sheet(b) exposure sheet (a) sheet(b) Wholesale-related: Banks and finance companies $ 56.2 $ 25.7 $ 30.5 $ 62.7 $ 39.7 $ 23.0 Real estate 28.2 16.7 11.5 14.5 8.8 5.7 Healthcare 22.0 4.5 17.5 11.3 1.8 9.5 Retail and consumer services 21.7 6.0 15.7 14.5 4.2 10.3 Consumer products 21.4 7.1 14.3 13.8 3.6 10.2 All other wholesale 392.7 172.8 219.9 258.7 105.9 152.8 Total wholesale-related 542.2 232.8 309.4 375.5 164.0 211.5 Consumer-related: Home finance 177.9 124.7 53.2 106.2 74.6 31.6 Auto & education finance 67.9 62.7 5.2 45.8 43.2 2.6 Consumer & small business and other 25.4 15.1 10.3 10.0 4.2 5.8 Credit card receivables (d) 597.0 64.5 532.5 158.5 17.4 141.1 Total consumer-related 868.2 267.0 601.2 320.5 139.4 181.1 Total exposure $ 1,410.4 $ 499.8 $ 910.6 $ 696.0 $ 303.4 $ 392.6 (a) Represents loans, derivative receivables, interests in purchased receivables and other receivables. (b) Represents lending-related financial instruments. (c) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (d) Excludes $70.8 billion and $34.9 billion of securitized credit card receivables at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Note 29 – Fair value of financial instruments The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The accounting for an asset or liability may differ based on the type of instru- ment and/or its use in a trading or investing strategy. Generally, the measure- ment framework in financial statements is one of the following: • at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair value recorded each period in the Consolidated statements of income; • at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair value recorded each period in a separate component of Stockholders’ equity and as part of Other comprehensive income; • at cost (less other-than-temporary impairments), with changes in fair value not recorded in the financial statements but disclosed in the notes thereto; or • at the lower of cost or fair value. The Firm has an established and well-documented process for determining fair values. Fair value is based on quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based on internally- developed models that primarily use market-based or independent information as inputs to the valuation model. Valuation adjustments may be necessary to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality, liquidity and concentra- tion concerns and are based on defined methodologies that are applied consistently over time. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 122 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report • Credit valuation adjustments are necessary when the market price (or parameter) is not indicative of the credit quality of the counterparty. As few derivative contracts are listed on an exchange, the majority of derivative positions are valued using internally developed models that use as their basis observable market parameters. Market practice is to quote parame- ters equivalent to a AA credit rating; thus, all counterparties are assumed to have the same credit quality. An adjustment is therefore necessary to reflect the credit quality of each derivative counterparty and to arrive at fair value. Without this adjustment, derivative positions would not be appropriately valued. • Liquidity adjustments are necessary when the Firm may not be able to observe a recent market price for a financial instrument that trades in inac- tive (or less active) markets. Thus, valuation adjustments for risk of loss due to a lack of liquidity are applied to those positions to arrive at fair value. The Firm tries to ascertain the amount of uncertainty in the initial valuation based upon the liquidity or illiquidity, as the case may be, of the market in which the instrument trades and makes liquidity adjustments to the finan- cial instruments. The Firm measures the liquidity adjustment based on the following factors: (1) the amount of time since the last relevant pricing point; (2) whether there was an actual trade or relevant external quote; and (3) the volatility of the principal component of the financial instrument. • Concentration valuation adjustments are necessary to reflect the cost of unwinding larger-than-normal market-size risk positions. The cost is deter- mined based on the size of the adverse market move that is likely to occur during the extended period required to bring a position down to a noncon- centrated level. An estimate of the period needed to reduce, without mar- ket disruption, a position to a nonconcentrated level is generally based on the relationship of the position to the average daily trading volume of that position. Without these adjustments, larger positions would be valued at a price greater than the price at which the Firm could exit the positions. Valuation adjustments are determined based on established policies and are controlled by a price verification group independent of the risk-taking function. Economic substantiation of models, prices, market inputs and revenue through price/input testing, as well as backtesting, is done to validate the appropriate- ness of the valuation methodology. Any changes to the valuation methodology are reviewed by management to ensure the changes are justified. The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, the use of different methodologies to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are excluded from the scope of SFAS 107. Accordingly, the fair value disclosures required by SFAS 107 provide only a partial estimate of the fair value of JPMorgan Chase. For example, the Firm has developed long-term relationships with its customers through its deposit base and credit card accounts, commonly referred to as core deposit intangibles and credit card relationships. In the opinion of management, these items, in the aggregate, add significant value to JPMorgan Chase, but their fair value is not disclosed in this Note. The following describes the methodologies and assumptions used, by financial instrument, to determine fair value. Financial assets Assets for which fair value approximates carrying value The Firm considers fair values of certain financial assets carried at cost – including cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, securities borrowed, short-term receivables and accrued interest receivable – to approximate their respective carrying values, due to their short-term nature and generally negli- gible credit risk. Assets where fair value differs from cost The Firm’s debt, equity and derivative trading instruments are carried at their estimated fair value. Quoted market prices, when available, are used to deter- mine the fair value of trading instruments. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of instruments with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flows. Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements are typically short-term in nature and, as such, for a significant majority of the Firm’s transactions, cost approximates carrying value. This balance sheet item also includes structured resale agreements and similar products with long- dated maturities. To estimate the fair value of these instruments, cash flows are discounted using the appropriate market rates for the applicable maturity. Securities Fair values of actively traded securities are determined by the secondary market, while the fair values for nonactively traded securities are based on independent broker quotations. Derivatives Fair value for derivatives is determined based on the following: • position valuation, principally based on liquid market pricing as evidenced by exchange-traded prices, broker-dealer quotations or related input parameters, which assume all counterparties have the same credit rating; • credit valuation adjustments to the resulting portfolio valuation, to reflect the credit quality of individual counterparties; and • other fair value adjustments to take into consideration liquidity, concentra- tion and other factors. For those derivatives valued based on models with significant unobservable market parameters, the Firm defers the initial trading profit for these financial instruments. The deferred profit is recognized in Trading revenue on a systematic basis and when observable market data becomes available. The fair value of derivative payables does not incorporate a valuation adjust- ment to reflect JPMorgan Chase’s credit quality. Interests in purchased receivables The fair value of variable-rate interests in purchased receivables approximate their respective carrying amounts due to their variable interest terms and negligible credit risk. The estimated fair values for fixed-rate interests in purchased receivables are determined using a discounted cash flow analysis using appropriate market rates for similar instruments. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 123 Loans Fair value for loans is determined using methodologies suitable for each type of loan: • Fair value for the wholesale loan portfolio is estimated primarily using the cost of credit derivatives, which is adjusted to account for the differences in recovery rates between bonds, on which the cost of credit derivatives is based, and loans. • Fair values for consumer installment loans (including automobile financ- ings) and consumer real estate, for which market rates for comparable loans are readily available, are based on discounted cash flows, adjusted for prepayments. The discount rates used for consumer installment loans are current rates offered by commercial banks. For consumer real estate, secondary market yields for comparable mortgage-backed securities, adjusted for risk, are used. • Fair value for credit card receivables is based on discounted expected cash flows. The discount rates used for credit card receivables incorporate only the effects of interest rate changes, since the expected cash flows already reflect an adjustment for credit risk. • The fair value of loans in the held-for-sale and trading portfolios is generally based on observable market prices and on prices of similar instruments, including bonds, credit derivatives and loans with similar characteristics. If market prices are not available, the fair value is based on the estimated cash flows adjusted for credit risk; that risk is discounted, using a rate appropri- ate for each maturity that incorporates the effects of interest rate changes. Other assets This caption includes private equity investments and MSRs. For a discussion of the fair value methodology for private equity investments, see Note 9 on page 100 of this Annual Report. For a discussion of the fair value methodology for MSRs, see Note 15 on pages 109–111 of this Annual Report. Financial liabilities Liabilities for which fair value approximates carrying value SFAS 107 requires that the fair value for deposit liabilities with no stated maturity (i.e., demand, savings and certain money market deposits) be equal to their carrying value. SFAS 107 does not allow for the recognition of the inherent funding value of these instruments. Fair value of commercial paper, other borrowed funds, accounts payable and accrued liabilities is considered to approximate their respective carrying values due to their short-term nature. Interest-bearing deposits Fair values of interest-bearing deposits are estimated by discounting cash flows based on the remaining contractual maturities of funds having similar interest rates and similar maturities. Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements are typically short-term in nature; as such, for a significant majority of these transactions, cost approximates carrying value. This balance sheet item also includes structured repurchase agreements and similar products with long-dated maturities. To estimate the fair value of these instruments, the cash flows are discounted using the appropriate market rates for the applicable maturity. Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs (“beneficial interests”) are generally short-term in nature and, as such, for a significant majority of the Firm’s transactions, cost approximates carrying value. The Consolidated balance sheets also include beneficial interests with long-dated maturities. The fair value of these instruments is based on current market rates. Long-term debt-related instruments Fair value for long-term debt, including the junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securi- ties, is based on current market rates and is adjusted for JPMorgan Chase’s credit quality. Lending-related commitments Although there is no liquid secondary market for wholesale commitments, the Firm estimates the fair value of its wholesale lending-related commit- ments primarily using the cost of credit derivatives (which is adjusted to account for the difference in recovery rates between bonds, on which the cost of credit derivatives is based, and loans) and loan equivalents (which represent the portion of an unused commitment expected, based on the Firm’s average portfolio historical experience, to become outstanding in the event an obligor defaults). The Firm estimates the fair value of its consumer commitments to extend credit based on the primary market prices to originate new commitments. It is the change in current primary market prices that provides the estimate of the fair value of these commitments. On this basis, at December 31, 2004 and 2003, the fair value of the Firm’s lending-related commitments approximated the Allowance for lending-related commitments of $492 million and $324 million, respectively. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 124 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report The following table presents the carrying value and estimated fair value of financial assets and liabilities valued under SFAS 107; accordingly, certain assets and lia- bilities that are not considered financial instruments are excluded from the table. 2004 2003(a)(b) Carrying Estimated Appreciation/ Carrying Estimated Appreciation/ December 31, (in billions) value fair value (depreciation) value fair value (depreciation) Financial assets Assets for which fair value approximates carrying value $ 125.7 $ 125.7 $ — $ 84.6 $ 84.6 $ — Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 101.4 101.3 (0.1) 76.9 77.2 0.3 Trading assets 288.8 288.8 — 252.9 252.9 — Securities 94.5 94.5 — 60.3 60.3 — Loans: Wholesale, net of allowance for loan losses 132.0 134.6 2.6 73.2 74.5 1.3 Consumer, net of allowance for loan losses 262.8 262.5 (0.3) 137.0 138.2 1.2 Interests in purchased receivables 31.7 31.8 0.1 4.8 4.8 — Other assets 50.4 51.1 0.7 61.0 61.5 0.5 Total financial assets $ 1,087.3 $ 1,090.3 $ 3.0 $ 750.7 $ 754.0 $ 3.3 Financial liabilities Liabilities for which fair value approximates carrying value $ 228.8 $ 228.8 $ — $ 146.6 $ 146.6 $ — Interest-bearing deposits 385.3 385.5 (0.2) 247.0 247.1 (0.1) Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 127.8 127.8 — 113.5 113.6 (0.1) Trading liabilities 151.2 151.2 — 149.4 149.4 — Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 48.1 48.0 0.1 12.3 12.3 — Long-term debt-related instruments 105.7 107.7 (2.0) 54.8 57.0 (2.2) Total financial liabilities $ 1,046.9 $ 1,049.0 $ (2.1) $ 723.6 $ 726.0 $ (2.4) Net appreciation $ 0.9 $0 . 9 (a) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Amounts have been revised to reflect the current year’s presentation. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 125 Income before For the year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) Revenue (b) Expense (c) income taxes Net income 2004 Europe/Middle East and Africa $ 6,566 $ 4,635 $ 1,931 $ 1,305 Asia and Pacific 2,631 1,766 865 547 Latin America and the Caribbean 816 411 405 255 Other 112 77 35 25 Total international 10,125 6,889 3,236 2,132 Total U.S. 32,972 30,014 2,958 2,334 Total $ 43,097 $ 36,903 $ 6,194 $ 4,466 2003 Europe/Middle East and Africa $ 6,344 $ 4,076 $ 2,268 $ 1,467 Asia and Pacific 1,902 1,772 130 91 Latin America and the Caribbean 1,000 531 469 287 Other 50 17 33 34 Total international 9,296 6,396 2,900 1,879 Total U.S. 24,088 16,960 7,128 4,840 Total $ 33,384 $ 23,356 $ 10,028 $ 6,719 2002 Europe/Middle East and Africa $ 5,120 $ 4,882 $ 238 $ 157 Asia and Pacific 1,900 1,820 80 53 Latin America and the Caribbean 685 557 128 85 Other 42 34 8 5 Total international 7,747 7,293 454 300 Total U.S. 21,867 19,802 2,065 1,363 Total $ 29,614 $ 27,095 $ 2,519 $ 1,663 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other p eriods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (b) Revenue is composed of Net interest income and noninterest revenue. (c) Expense is composed of Noninterest expense and Provision for credit losses. Note 30 – International operations The following table presents income statement information of JPMorgan Chase by major geographic area. The Firm defines international activities as business transactions that involve customers residing outside of the United States, and the information presented below is based primarily on the domi- cile of the customer. However, many of the Firm’s U.S. operations serve inter- national businesses. As the Firm’s operations are highly integrated, estimates and subjective assumptions have been made to apportion revenue and expense between U.S. and international operations. These estimates and assumptions are con- sistent with the allocations used for the Firm’s segment reporting as set forth in Note 31 on pages 126–127 of this Annual Report. The Firm’s long-lived assets for the periods presented are not considered by management to be significant in relation to total assets. The majority of the Firm’s long-lived assets are located in the United States. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 126 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Note 31 – Business segments JPMorgan Chase is organized into six major reportable business segments: the Investment Bank, Retail Financial Services, Card Services, Commercial Banking, Treasury & Securities Services and Asset & Wealth Management, as well as a Corporate segment. The segments are based on the products and services provided or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on an operating basis. For a definition of operating basis, see the footnotes to the table below. For a further discus- sion concerning JPMorgan Chase’s business segments, see Business segment results on pages 28–29 of this Annual Report. In connection with the Merger, business segment reporting was realigned to reflect the new business structure of the combined Firm. Treasury was trans- ferred from the Investment Bank into Corporate. The segment formerly known as Chase Financial Services had been comprised of Chase Home Finance, Chase Cardmember Services, Chase Auto Finance, Chase Regional Banking and Chase Middle Market; as a result of the Merger, this segment is now called Retail Financial Services and is comprised of Home Finance, Auto & Education Finance, Consumer & Small Business Banking and Insurance. Chase Middle Market moved into Commercial Banking, and Chase Cardmember Services is now its own segment called Card Services. Treasury & Securities Services remains unchanged. Investment Management & Private Banking has been renamed Asset & Wealth Management. JPMorgan Partners, which formerly was a stand-alone business segment, was moved into Corporate. Lastly, Segment results and reconciliation(a) (table continued on next page) Year ended December 31, (b) Investment Bank (e) Retail Financial Services Card Services (f) Commercial Banking (in millions, except ratios) 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 Net interest income $ 1,325 $ 1,667 $ 1,978 $ 7,714 $ 5,220 $ 3,823 $ 8,374 $ 5,052 $ 4,930 $ 1,692 $ 959 $ 999 Noninterest revenue 11,705 11,270 8,881 3,119 2,232 2,541 2,349 1,097 995 561 354 348 Intersegment revenue (c) (425) (253) (177) (42) (24) (16) 22 (5) (12) 121 39 18 Total net revenue 12,605 12,684 10,682 10,791 7,428 6,348 10,745 6,144 5,913 2,374 1,352 1,365 Provision for credit losses (640) (181) 2,392 449 521 334 4,851 2,904 2,751 41 67 2 Credit reimbursement (to)/from TSS (d) 90 (36) (82) — —— — —— — —— Merger costs — —— — —— — —— — —— Litigation reserve charge — 100 — — —— — —— — —— Excess real estate charge — —— — —— — —— — —— Other noninterest expense 8,696 8,202 7,798 6,825 4,471 3,733 3,883 2,178 2,129 1,343 822 809 Income (loss) before income tax expense 4,639 4,527 410 3,517 2,436 2,281 2,011 1,062 1,033 990 524 484 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,691 1,722 (3) 1,318 889 849 737 379 369 382 217 201 Net income (loss) $ 2,948 $ 2,805 $ 413 $ 2,199 $ 1,547 $ 1,432 $ 1,274 $ 683 $ 664 $6 0 8 $ 307 $ 283 Average equity $ 17,290 $ 18,350 $ 19,134 $ 9,092 $ 4,220 $ 3,907 $ 7,608 $ 3,440 $ 3,444 $ 2,093 $ 1,059 $ 1,199 Average assets 473,121 436,488 429,866 185,928 147,435 114,248 94,741 51,406 49,648 36,435 16,460 15,973 Return on average equity 17% 15% 2% 24% 37% 37% 17% 20% 19% 29% 29% 24% Overhead ratio 69 65 73 63 60 59 36 35 36 57 61 59 (a) In addition to analyzing the Firm’s results on a reported basis, management looks at results on an “operating basis,” which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Operating basis starts with the reported U.S. GAAP results. In the case of the Investment Bank, the operating basis includes the reclassification of net interest income related to trading activities to Trading revenue. In the case of Card Services, refer to footnote (f). These adjustments do not change JPMorgan Chase’s reported net income. Finally, operating basis excludes the Merger costs, the Litigation reserve charge and accounting policy conformity adjustments related to the Merger, as management believes these items are not part of the Firm’s normal daily business operations (and, therefore, not indicative of trends) and do not provide meaningful comparisons with other periods. (b) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) Intersegment revenue includes intercompany revenue and revenue-sharing agreements, net of intersegment expenses. Transactions between business segments are primarily conducted at fair value. (d) TSS reimburses the IB for credit portfolio exposures the IB manages on behalf of clients the segments share. At the time of the Merger, the reimbursement methodology was revised to be based on pre-tax earnings, net of the cost of capital related to those exposures. Prior to the Merger, the credit reimbursement was based on pre-tax earnings, plus the allocated capital associated with the shared clients. (e) Segment operating results include the reclassification of Net interest income (“NII”) related to trading activities to Tradi ng revenue within Noninterest revenue, which primarily impacts the Investment Bank. Trading-related NII reclassified to Trading revenue was $2.0 billion, $2.1 billion and $1.9 billion for 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. These amounts are eliminated in Corporate/reconciling items to arrive at NII and Noninterest revenue on a reported GAAP basis for JPMorgan Chase. (f) Operating results for Card Services exclude the impact of credit card securitizations on revenue, provision for credit losses and average assets, as JPMorgan Chase treats the sold receivables as if they were still on the balance sheet in evaluating the overall performance of the credit card portfolio. The related securitization a djustments for 2004, 2003 and 2002 were: $5.3 billion, $3.3 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, in NII; $(2.4) billion, $(1.4) billion and $(1.4) billion, respectively, in Noninterest revenue; $2.9 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, in Provision for credit losses; and $51.1 billion, $32.4 billion and $26.5 billion, respectively, in Average assets. These adjustments are eliminated in Corporate/reconciling items to arrive at the Firm’s reported GAAP results. (g) Includes $858 million of accounting policy conformity adjustments consisting of approximately $1.4 billion related to the de certification of the seller’s retained interest in credit card securitizations, partially offset by a benefit of $584 million related to conforming wholesale and consumer provision methodologies for the comb ined Firm. (h) Merger costs attributed to the lines of business for 2004 were as follows: $74 million, Investment Bank; $201 million, Retail Fi nancial Services; $79 million, Card Services; $23 million, Commercial Banking; $68 million, Treasury & Securities Services; $31 million, Asset & Wealth Management; and $889 million, Corporate. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 127 (table continued from previous page) Corporate/ Treasury & Securities Services Asset & Wealth Management reconciling items (e)(f) Total 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 2004 2003 2002 $ 1,383 $ 947 $ 962 $ 796 $ 488 $ 467 $ (4,523) $ (1,368) $ (981) $ 16,761 $ 12,965 $ 12,178 3,226 2,475 2,387 3,297 2,415 2,328 2,079 576 (44) 26,336 20,419 17,436 248 186 186 86 67 137 (10) (10) (136) — —— 4,857 3,608 3,535 4,179 2,970 2,932 (2,454) (802) (1,161) 43,097 33,384 29,614 7 13 (14) 35 85 (2,150) (g) (1,746) (1,306) 2,544 1,540 4,331 (90) 36 82 — —— — —— — —— — —— — —— 1,365 (h) — 1,210 1,365 — 1,210 — —— — —— 3,700 — 1,300 3,700 100 1,300 — —— — —— — —9 8 — —9 8 4,113 3,028 2,771 3,133 2,486 2,408 1,301 529 508 29,294 21,716 20,156 647 615 843 1,060 449 439 (6,670) 415 (2,971) 6,194 10,028 2,519 207 193 294 379 162 161 (2,986) (253) (1,015) 1,728 3,309 856 $ 440 $ 422 $ 549 $ 681 $ 287 $ 278 $ (3,684) $ 668 $ (1,956) $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 $ 2,544 $ 2,738 $ 2,700 $ 3,902 $ 5,507 $ 5,649 $ 33,112 $ 7,674 $ 5,335 $ 75,641 $ 42,988 $ 41,368 23,430 18,379 17,239 37,751 33,780 35,813 111,150 72,030 70,570 962,556 775,978 733,357 17% 15% 20% 17% 5% 5% NM NM NM 6% 16% 4% 85 84 78 75 84 82 NM NM NM 80 65 77 Corporate is currently comprised of Private Equity (JPMorgan Partners and ONE Equity Partners), Treasury, as well as corporate support areas, which include Central Technology and Operations, Internal Audit, Executive Office, Finance, General Services, Human Resources, Marketing & Communications, the Office of General Counsel, Real Estate and Business Services, Risk Management and Strategy and Development. Segment results, which are presented on an operating basis, reflect revenues on a tax-equivalent basis. The tax-equivalent gross-up for each business segment is based upon the level, type and tax jurisdiction of the earnings and assets within each business segment. Operating revenue for the Investment Bank includes tax-equivalent adjustments for income tax credits primarily related to affordable housing investments as well as tax-exempt income from municipal bond investments. Information prior to the Merger has not been restated to conform with this new presentation. The amount of the tax-equivalent gross-up for each business segment is eliminated within the Corporate segment and was $(303) million, $(122) million and $(116) million for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. The following table provides a summary of the Firm’s segment results for 2004, 2003 and 2002 on an operating basis. The impact of credit card securitizations, merger costs, litigation charges and accounting policy conformity adjustments have been included in Corporate/reconciling items so that the total Firm results are on a reported basis. Segment results for periods prior to July 1, 2004, reflect heritage JPMorgan Chase–only results and have been restated to reflect the current business segment organization and reporting classifications. Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase & Co. 128 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Note 32 – Parent company Parent company – statements of income Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Income Dividends from bank and bank holding company subsidiaries (b) $ 1,208 $ 2,436 $ 3,079 Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries (c) 773 2,688 422 Interest income from subsidiaries 1,370 945 1,174 Other interest income 137 130 148 Other income from subsidiaries, primarily fees: Bank and bank holding company 833 632 277 Nonbank 499 385 390 Other income 204 (25) 264 Total income 5,024 7,191 5,754 Expense Interest expense to subsidiaries (c) 603 422 405 Other interest expense 1,834 1,329 1,511 Compensation expense 353 348 378 Other noninterest expense 1,105 747 699 Total expense 3,895 2,846 2,993 Income before income tax benefit and undistributed net income of subsidiaries 1,129 4,345 2,761 Income tax benefit 556 474 432 Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiaries 2,781 1,900 (1,530) Net income $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 Parent company – balance sheets December 31, (in millions) 2004 2003(d) Assets Cash with banks, primarily with bank subsidiaries $ 513 $ 148 Deposits with banking subsidiaries 10,703 12,554 Securities purchased under resale agreements, primarily with nonbank subsidiaries — 285 Trading assets 3,606 3,915 Available-for-sale securities 2,376 2,099 Loans 162 550 Advances to, and receivables from, subsidiaries: Bank and bank holding company 19,076 9,239 Nonbank 34,456 24,489 Investment (at equity) in subsidiaries: Bank and bank holding company 105,599 43,853 Nonbank (c) 17,701 10,399 Goodwill and other intangibles 890 860 Other assets 11,557 9,213 Total assets $ 206,639 $117,604 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Borrowings from, and payables to, subsidiaries (c) $ 14,195 $ 9,488 Other borrowed funds, primarily commercial paper 15,050 16,560 Other liabilities 6,309 4,767 Long-term debt (e) 65,432 40,635 Total liabilities 100,986 71,450 Stockholders’ equity 105,653 46,154 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 206,639 $117,604 Parent company – statements of cash flows Year ended December 31, (in millions) (a) 2004 2003 2002 Operating activities Net income $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 Less: Net income of subsidiaries 4,762 7,017 1,971 Parent company net loss (296) (298) (308) Add: Cash dividends from subsidiaries (b)(c) 1,964 5,098 2,320 Other, net (81) (272) (912) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,587 4,528 1,100 Investing activities Net cash change in: Deposits with banking subsidiaries 1,851 (2,560) (3,755) Securities purchased under resale agreements, primarily with nonbank subsidiaries 355 99 (40) Loans 407 (490) (27) Advances to subsidiaries (5,772) (3,165) 6,172 Investment (at equity) in subsidiaries (4,015) (2,052) (2,284) Other, net 11 12 (37) Available-for-sale securities: Purchases (392) (607) (1,171) Proceeds from sales and maturities 114 654 1,877 Cash received in business acquisitions 4,608 —— Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (2,833) (8,109) 735 Financing activities Net cash change in borrowings from subsidiaries (c) 941 2,005 573 Net cash change in other borrowed funds (1,510) (2,104) (915) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 12,816 12,105 12,533 Repayments of long-term debt (6,149) (6,733) (12,271) Proceeds from the issuance of stock and stock-related awards 848 1,213 725 Redemption of preferred stock (670) —— Treasury stock purchased (738) —— Cash dividends paid (3,927) (2,865) (2,784) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,611 3,621 (2,139) Net increase (decrease) in cash with banks 365 40 (304) Cash with banks at the beginning of the year 148 108 412 Cash with banks at the end of the year, primarily with bank subsidiaries $ 513 $ 148 $ 108 Cash interest paid $ 2,383 $ 1,918 $ 1,829 Cash income taxes paid $ 701 $ 754 $ 592 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. All other periods reflect the results of heritage JPMorgan Chase only. For a further discussion of the Merger, see Note 2 on pages 89–90 of this Annual Report. (b) Dividends in 2002 include a stock dividend of $1.2 billion from the mortgage business, which was contributed to JPMorgan Chase Bank. (c) Subsidiaries include trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities (“issuer trusts”). As a result of FIN 46, the Parent deconsolidated these trusts in 2003. The Parent received dividends of $15 million and $11 million from the issuer trusts in 2004 and 2003, respec- tively. For a further discussion on these issuer trusts, see Note 17 on pages 112–113 of this Annual Report. (d) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (e) At December 31, 2004, all debt that contractually matures in 2005 through 2009 totaled $10.8 billion, $10.5 billion, $9.4 billion, $6.8 billion and $9.2 billion, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 129 Supplementary information Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited) (in millions, except per share, ratio and headcount data) 2004 2003(b) As of or for the period ended 4th (a) 3rd(a) 2nd(b) 1st(b) 4th 3rd 2nd 1st Selected income statement data Net interest income $ 5,329 $ 5,452 $ 2,994 $ 2,986 $ 3,182 $ 3,198 $ 3,228 $ 3,357 Noninterest revenue 7,621 7,053 5,637 6,025 4,924 4,582 5,840 5,073 Total net revenue 12,950 12,505 8,631 9,011 8,106 7,780 9,068 8,430 Provision for credit losses 1,157 1,169 203 15 139 223 435 743 Noninterest expense before Merger costs and Litigation reserve charge 8,863 8,625 5,713 6,093 5,258 5,127 5,766 5,565 Merger costs 523 752 90 — —— — — Litigation reserve charge — — 3,700 — — — 100 — Total noninterest expense 9,386 9,377 9,503 6,093 5,258 5,127 5,866 5,565 Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 2,407 1,959 (1,075) 2,903 2,709 2,430 2,767 2,122 Income tax expense (benefit) 741 541 (527) 973 845 802 940 722 Net income (loss) $ 1,666 $ 1,418 $ (548) $ 1,930 $ 1,864 $ 1,628 $ 1,827 $ 1,400 Per common share Net income (loss) per share: Basic $ 0.47 $ 0.40 $ (0.27) $ 0.94 $ 0.92 $ 0.80 $ 0.90 $ 0.69 Diluted 0.46 0.39 (0.27) 0.92 0.89 0.78 0.89 0.69 Cash dividends declared per share 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 0.34 Book value per share 29.61 29.42 21.52 22.62 22.10 21.55 21.53 20.73 Common shares outstanding Average: Basic 3,515 3,514 2,043 2,032 2,016 2,012 2,006 2,000 Diluted 3,602 3,592 2,043 2,093 2,079 2,068 2,051 2,022 Common shares at period end 3,556 3,564 2,088 2,082 2,043 2,039 2,035 2,030 Selected ratios Return on common equity (“ROE”) (c) 6% 5% NM 17% 17% 15% 17% 13% Return on assets (“ROA”) (c)(d) 0.57 0.50 NM 1.01 0.95 0.83 0.96 0.73 Tier 1 capital ratio 8.7 8.6 8.2% 8.4 8.5 8.7 8.4 8.4 Total capital ratio 12.2 12.0 11.2 11.4 11.8 12.1 12.0 12.2 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.2 6.5 5.5 5.9 5.6 5.5 5.5 5.0 Selected balance sheet (period-end) Total assets $ 1,157,248 $ 1,138,469 $ 817,763 $801,078 $770,912 $792,700 $ 802,603 $ 755,156 Securities 94,512 92,816 64,915 70,747 60,244 65,152 82,549 85,178 Total loans 402,114 393,701 225,938 217,630 214,766 225,287 227,394 217,471 Deposits 521,456 496,454 346,539 336,886 326,492 313,626 318,248 300,667 Long-term debt 95,422 91,754 52,981 50,062 48,014 43,945 43,371 42,851 Common stockholders’ equity 105,314 104,844 44,932 47,092 45,145 43,948 43,812 42,075 Total stockholders’ equity 105,653 105,853 45,941 48,101 46,154 44,957 44,821 43,084 Credit quality metrics Allowance for credit losses $ 7,812 $ 8,034 $ 4,227 $ 4,417 $ 4,847 $ 5,082 $ 5,471 $ 5,651 Nonperforming assets 3,231 3,637 2,482 2,882 3,161 3,853 4,111 4,448 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (e) 1.94% 2.01% 1.92% 2.08% 2.33% 2.51% 2.60% 2.73% Net charge-offs $ 1,398 $ 865 $ 392 $ 444 $ 374 $ 614 $ 614 $ 670 Net charge-off rate (c)(f) 1.47% 0.93% 0.77% 0.92% 0.76% 1.27% 1.31% 1.43% Wholesale net charge-off rate (c)(f) 0.21 (0.08) 0.29 0.50 (0.05) 1.25 1.25 1.36 Managed Card net charge-off rate (c) 5.24 4.88 5.85 5.81 5.77 5.84 6.04 5.95 Headcount 160,968 162,275 94,615 96,010 96,367 95,931 95,862 96,637 Share price (g) High $ 40.45 $ 40.25 $ 42.57 $ 43.84 $ 36.99 $ 38.26 $ 36.52 $ 28.29 Low 36.32 35.50 34.62 36.30 34.45 32.40 23.75 20.13 Close 39.01 39.73 38.77 41.95 36.73 34.33 34.18 23.71 (a) Quarterly results include three months of the combined Firm’s results. (b) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only. (c) Based on annualized amounts. (d) Represents Net income / Total average assets. (e) Excluded from this ratio were loans held for sale. (f) Excluded from this ratio were average loans held for sale. (g) JPMorgan Chase’s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the London Stock Exchange Limited and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The high, low and closing prices of JPMorgan Chase’s common stock are from The New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape. NM – Not meaningful due to net loss. (unaudited) (in millions, except per share, headcount and ratio data) Heritage JPMorgan Chase only As of or for the year ended December 31, 2004(a) 2003 2002 2001 2000 Selected income statement data Net interest income $ 16,761 $ 12,965 $ 12,178 $ 11,401 $ 9,865 Noninterest revenue 26,336 20,419 17,436 17,943 23,321 Total net revenue 43,097 33,384 29,614 29,344 33,186 Provision for credit losses 2,544 1,540 4,331 3,182 1,380 Noninterest expense before Merger costs and Litigation reserve charge 29,294 21,716 20,254 21,073 21,642 Merger and restructuring costs 1,365 — 1,210 2,523 1,431 Litigation reserve charge 3,700 100 1,300 — — Total noninterest expense 34,359 21,816 22,764 23,596 23,073 Income before income tax expense and effect of accounting change 6,194 10,028 2,519 2,566 8,733 Income tax expense 1,728 3,309 856 847 3,006 Income before effect of accounting change 4,466 6,719 1,663 1,719 5,727 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (net of tax) — — — (25) — Net income $ 4,466 $ 6,719 $ 1,663 $ 1,694 $ 5,727 Per common share Net income per share: Basic $ 1.59 $ 3.32 $ 0.81 $ 0.83 (f) $ 2.99 Diluted 1.55 3.24 0.80 0.80 (f) 2.86 Cash dividends declared per share 1.36 1.36 1.36 1.36 1.28 Book value per share 29.61 22.10 20.66 20.32 21.17 Common shares outstanding Average: Basic 2,780 2,009 1,984 1,972 1,884 Diluted 2,851 2,055 2,009 2,024 1,969 Common shares at period-end 3,556 2,043 1,999 1,973 1,928 Selected ratios Return on common equity (“ROE”) 6% 16% 4% 4% 16% Return on assets (“ROA”) (b) 0.46 0.87 0.23 0.23 0.85 Tier 1 capital ratio 8.7 8.5 8.2 8.3 8.5 Total capital ratio 12.2 11.8 12.0 11.9 12.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.2 5.6 5.1 5.2 5.4 Selected balance sheet (period-end) Total assets $ 1,157,248 $770,912 $758,800 $ 693,575 $ 715,348 Securities 94,512 60,244 84,463 59,760 73,695 Loans 402,114 214,766 216,364 217,444 216,050 Deposits 521,456 326,492 304,753 293,650 279,365 Long-term debt 95,422 48,014 39,751 39,183 43,299 Common stockholders’ equity 105,314 45,145 41,297 40,090 40,818 Total stockholders’ equity 105,653 46,154 42,306 41,099 42,338 Credit quality metrics Allowance for credit losses $ 7,812 $ 4,847 $ 5,713 $ 4,806 $ 3,948 Nonperforming assets 3,231 3,161 4,821 4,037 1,923 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (c) 1.94% 2.33% 2.80% 2.25% 1.77% Net charge-offs $ 3,099 $ 2,272 $ 3,676 $ 2,335 $ 1,480 Net charge-off rate (d) 1.08% 1.19% 1.90% 1.13% 0.73% Headcount 160,968 96,367 97,124 95,812 (g) 99,757 (g) Share price (e) High $ 43.84 $ 38.26 $ 39.68 $ 59.19 $ 67.17 Low 34.62 20.13 15.26 29.04 32.38 Close 39.01 36.73 24.00 36.35 45.44 (a) 2004 results include six months of the combined Firm’s results and six months of heritage JPMorgan Chase results. (b) Represents Net income / Total average assets. (c) Excluded from this ratio were loans held for sale of $25.7 billion, $20.8 billion, $25.0 billion, $16.6 billion and $8.8 billio n at December 31, 2004, 2003, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. (d) Excluded from the net charge-off rates were average loans held for sale of $21.1 billion, $29.1 billion, $17.8 billion, $12.7 b illion and $7.1 billion as of December 31, 2004, 2003, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. (e) JPMorgan Chase’s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the London Stock Exchange Limited and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The high, low and closing prices of JPMorgan Chase’s common stock are from The New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape. (f) Basic and diluted earnings per share were each reduced by $0.01 in 2001 because of the impact of the adoption of SFAS 133 relating to the accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities. (g) Represents full-time equivalent employees, as headcount data is unavailable. 130 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Five-year summary of consolidated financial highlights JPMorgan Chase & Co JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 131 Glossary of terms JPMorgan Chase & Co. AICPA: American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. APB: Accounting Principles Board Opinion. APB 25: “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” Assets under management: Represent assets actively managed by Asset & Wealth Management on behalf of institutional, private banking, private client services and retail clients. Assets under supervision: Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts. Average managed assets: Refers to total assets on the Firm’s balance sheet plus credit card receivables that have been securitized. bp: Denotes basis points; 100 bp equals 1%. Contractual credit card charge-off: In accordance with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council policy, credit card loans are charged-off by the end of the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due or within 60 days from receiving notification of the filing of bank- ruptcy, whichever is earlier. Core deposits: U.S. deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, up to the legal limit of $100,000 per depositor. EITF: Emerging Issues Task Force. EITF Issue 03-01: “The Meaning of Other-than-temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments.” FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board. FIN 39: FASB Interpretation No. 39, “Offsetting of Amounts Related to Certain Contracts.” FIN 41: FASB Interpretation No. 41, “Offsetting of Amounts Related to Certain Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Agreements.” FIN 45: FASB Interpretation No. 45, “Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirement for Guarantees, including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others.” FIN 46R: FASB Interpretation No. 46 (revised December 2003), “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an interpretation of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51.” FASB Staff Position (“FSP”) EITF Issue 03-1-1: “Effective Date of Paragraphs 10–20 of EITF Issue No. 03-01, ‘The Meaning of Other-than- temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments.’ ” FSP SFAS 106-2: “Accounting and Disclosure Requirements Related to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003.” FSP SFAS 109-2: “Accounting and Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.” Investment-grade: An indication of credit quality based on JPMorgan Chase’s internal risk assessment system. “Investment-grade” generally repre- sents a risk profile similar to a rating of a BBB-/Baa3 or better, as defined by independent rating agencies. Mark-to-market exposure: A measure, at a point in time, of the value of a derivative or foreign exchange contract in the open market. When the mark- to-market value is positive, it indicates the counterparty owes JPMorgan Chase and, therefore, creates a repayment risk for the Firm. When the mark- to-market value is negative, JPMorgan Chase owes the counterparty. In this situation, the Firm does not have repayment risk. Master netting agreement: An agreement between two counterparties that have multiple derivative contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of default on or termination of any one contract. See FIN 39. NA: Data is not applicable for the period presented. Net yield on interest-earning assets: The average rate for interest- earning assets less the average rate paid for all sources of funds. NM: Not meaningful. Overhead ratio: Noninterest expense as a percentage of total net revenue. SFAS: Statement of Financial Accounting Standards. SFAS 87: “Employers’ Accounting for Pensions.” SFAS 88: “Employers’ Accounting for Settlements and Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits.” SFAS 106: “Employers’ Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions.” SFAS 107: “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments.” SFAS 109: “Accounting for Income Taxes.” SFAS 114: “Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan.” SFAS 115:“Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities.” SFAS 123: “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation.” SFAS 123R: “Share-Based Payment.” SFAS 128: “Earnings per Share.” SFAS 133: “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.” SFAS 138: “Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities – an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133.” SFAS 140: “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities – a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125.” SFAS 142: “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” SFAS 149: “Amendment of Statement No. 133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.” Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 105: “Application of Accounting Principles to Loan Commitments.” Statement of Position (“SOP”) 98-1: “Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use.” Statement of Position (“SOP”) 03-3: “Accounting for Certain Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer.” Stress testing: A scenario that measures market risk under unlikely but plausible events in abnormal markets. U.S. GAAP:Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Value-at-Risk (“VAR”): A measure of the dollar amount of potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment. Community Advisory Board* 132 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Mark A. Willis Chairman Community Advisory Board JPMorgan Chase Community Development Group Sharon Alexander-Holt COO The Urban League of Metropolitan Denver Denver, CO Lauren Anderson Executive Director Neighborhood Housing Services of New Orleans New Orleans, LA Polly Baca CEO/Executive Director Latin American Research and Service Agency Denver, CO Dionne Bagsby Commissioner Fort Worth, TX Salvador Balcorta Executive Director Centro de Salud Familiar La Fe El Paso, TX Frank Ballesteros Chief Administrative Officer PPEP Microbusiness & Housing Development Corp. Tucson, AZ Eli Barbosa Director of Neighborhood Reinvestment Latin United Community Housing Association Chicago, IL Janie Barrera President/CEO ACCION Texas San Antonio, TX Shaun Belle President/CEO The Mt. Hope Housing Company Bronx, NY Pascual Blanco Executive Director La Fuerza Unida Glen Cove, NY Teresa Brice-Heames Vice President Housing for Mesa Mesa, AZ Sylvia Brooks President/CEO Houston Area Urban League Houston, TX Donnie Brown Executive Director Genesis Housing Development Corp. Chicago, IL James Buckley Executive Director University Neighborhood Housing Program Bronx, NY Jean Butzen President/CEO Lakefront Supportive Housing Chicago, IL Joseph Carbone President/CEO The WorkPlace, Inc. Bridgeport, CT David Chen Executive Director Chinese American Planning Council New York, NY William Clark President/CEO Urban League of Rochester Rochester, NY Cesar Claro Executive Director Staten Island Economic Development Corp. Staten Island, NY Ricardo Diaz Executive Director United Community Center Milwaukee, WI Peter Elkowitz President Long Island Housing Partnership Hauppauge, NY Ron Fafoglia Executive Director TSP Hope, Inc. Springfield, IL Melissa Flournoy President/CEO The Louisiana Assoc. of Nonprofit Organizations (LANO) Baton Rouge, LA William Frey Vice President, Director Enterprise Foundation NYC Office New York, NY David Gallagher Executive Director Center for Neighborhood Economic Development Long Island City, NY Reuben Gant Executive Director Greenwood Community Development Corp. Tulsa, OK Reginald Gates President/CEO Dallas Black Chamber of Commerce Dallas, TX Sarah Gerecke CEO Neighborhood Housing Services of NYC New York, NY Christie Gillespie Executive Director Indiana Assoc. for Community Economic Development Indianapolis, IN Ernest Gonzalez Corporate Committee Chair Long Island Hispanic Chamber of Commerce West Islip, NY Mary Jane Gonzalez Regional Director Central Indiana Small Business Development Center Indianapolis, IN Dina Gonzalez President West Michigan Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Grand Rapids, MI Bruce Gottschall Executive Director Neighborhood Housing Services of Chicago Chicago, IL Colvin Grannum President/CEO Bedford Stuyvesant Restoration Corp. Brooklyn, NY Meg Haller CEO Gary Citywide CDC Gary, IN James Hargrove Executive Director Housing Authority of the City of Austin Austin, TX Don Hartman Deputy Director NHS of Phoenix Phoenix, AZ Roy Hastick President/CEO Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce & Industry Brooklyn, NY Norman Henry President Builders of Hope Community Development Corp. Dallas, TX Ralph Hollmon President/CEO Milwaukee Urban League, Inc. Milwaukee, WI Kevin Jackson Executive Director Chicago Rehab Network Chicago, IL Kim Jacobs Executive Director Westchester Housing Fund Hawthorne, NY Erma Johnson-Hadley Vice Chancellor for Administration Tarrant County College Dist. Fort Worth, TX Amy Klaben President/CEO Columbus Housing Partnership, Inc. Columbus, OH James Klein Executive Director Ohio Community Development Finance Fund Columbus, OH Christopher Kui Executive Director Asian Americans for Equality New York, NY Rhonda Lewis President/CEO Bridge Street Development Corp. Brooklyn, NY William Linder Founder New Community Corporation Newark, NJ Fred Lucas President/CEO Faith Center for Community Development New York, NY Richard Manson Vice President LISC New York, NY Maria Matos Executive Director Latin American Community Center Wilmington, DE Christie McCravy Director of Homeownership Programs The Housing Partnership, Inc. Louisville, KY Ghebre Selassie Mehreteab Co-Chairman & CEO The NHP Foundation Washington, DC Luis Miranda Chairman Audubon Partnership for Economic Development New York, NY Marlon Mitchell Executive Director City of Houston Small Business Development Corp. Houston, TX (continued on next page) *Board membership as of January 2005 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 133 Andrew J. Mooney Senior Program Director Local Initiative Support Corporation Chicago, IL Randy Moore Executive Director Community Works in West Virginia, Inc. Charleston, WV Gilbert Moreno President Association for the Advancement of Mexican Americans Houston, TX Vincent Murray Executive Director Bagley Housing Association, Inc. Detroit, MI Joe Myer Executive Director NCALL Research Dover, DE Jeremy Nowak President/CEO The Reinvestment Fund Philadelphia, PA David Pagan Executive Director Southside United Housing Development Fund Corp. Brooklyn, NY James Paley Executive Director Neighborhood Housing Services of New Haven New Haven, CT John Parvensky President Colorado Coalition for the Homeless Denver, CO John Pritschard President Community Investment Corp. Chicago, IL Edwin Reed CFO Greater Allen Cathedral of NY Jamaica, NY Kathy Ricci Executive Director Utah Micro-Enterprise Loan Fund Salt Lake City, UT Gwen Robinson President/CEO Hamilton County Community Action Agency Cincinnati, OH Marcos Ronquillo Lawyer Godwin Gruber, LLP Dallas, TX Clifford Rosenthal Executive Director National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions New York, NY Winston Ross Executive Director Westchester Community Opportunity Program Elmsford, NY David Scheck Executive Director NJ Community Capital Corp. Trenton, NJ Doris Schnider President Delaware Community Investment Corp. Wilmington, DE Shirley Stancato President/CEO New Detroit, Inc. Detroit, MI Thomas Stone Executive Director Mt. Pleasant Now Development Corporation Cleveland, OH Valerie Thompson President/CEO Urban League of Greater Oklahoma City Oklahoma City, OK Carlisle Towery President Greater Jamaica Development Corp. Jamaica, NY Margaret Trahan President/CEO United Way of Acadiana Lafayette, LA Terry Troia Executive Director Project Hospitality Staten Island, NY Reginald Tuggle Pastor Memorial Presbyterian Church Roosevelt, NY Mark VanBrunt Executive Director Raza Development Fund Phoenix, AZ Arturo Violante President Greater Dallas Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Dallas, TX Donna Wertenbach President/CEO Community Economic Development Fund W. Hartford, CT Lloyd Williams President/CEO Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce New York, NY Melinda R. Wright Director Momentive Consumer Credit Counseling Service Indianapolis, IN Ravi Yalamanchi CEO Metro Housing Partnership Flint, MI Diana Yazzie-Devine President Native American Connections Phoenix, AZ Community Advisory Board* (continued) *Board membership as of January 2005 134 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report National Advisory Board James B. Lee, Jr. Chairman National Advisory Board JPMorgan Investment Bank J.T. Battenberg III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Delphi Corporation Richard I. Beattie, Esq. Chairman, Executive Committee Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP Leon D. Black Founding Partner Apollo Management, L.P . John B. Blystone Advisor David Bonderman Founding Partner Texas Pacific Group Richard J. Bressler Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Viacom Inc. Frank A. D’Amelio Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lucent Technologies Nancy J. De Lisi Senior Vice President of Mergers & Acquisitions Altria Group, Inc. David F. DeVoe Chief Financial Officer News Corporation William T. Dillard II Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dillard’s, Inc. Archie W. Dunham Chairman (Retired) ConocoPhillips Paul J. Fribourg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ContiGroup Companies, Inc. Charles E. Golden Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Eli Lilly and Company John B. Hess Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Amerada Hess Corporation Thomas O. Hicks Chairman of the Board (Retired) Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Incorporated John W. Kluge Chairman and President Metromedia Company Thomas H. Lee Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Thomas H. Lee Partners, LP David C. McCourt Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Granahan McCourt Capital Darla D. Moore Executive Vice President Rainwater, Inc. Patrick J. Moore Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation Joseph L. Rice III Chairman Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Inc. David M. Rubenstein Managing Director The Carlyle Group Stephen A. Schwarzman President and Chief Executive Officer The Blackstone Group Richard W. Scott Senior Managing Director, Head of Global Fixed Income AIG Global Investment Group, Inc. David L. Shedlarz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pfizer Inc. Henry R. Silverman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cendant Corporation Barry S. Sternlicht Executive Chairman Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Doreen A. Toben Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Verizon Communications Thomas J. Usher Chairman United States Steel Corporation Mortimer B. Zuckerman Chairman Boston Properties, Inc. Frank Lourenso Chairman Regional Advisory Board Chase Commercial Banking Philip C. Ackerman Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer National Fuel Gas Company Richard Bernstein Chairman and Chief Executive Officer R.A.B. Holdings, Inc. Robert B. Catell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KeySpan Energy Corporation Eugene R. Corasanti Chairman and Chief Executive Officer CONMED Corporation Emil Duda Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lifetime Healthcare Company/ Excellus Health Plan Inc. James N. Fernandez Executive Vice President & CFO Tiffany & Company Charles F. Fortgang Chairman M. Fabrikant & Sons, Inc. Gladys George President and Chief Executive Officer Lenox Hill Hospital Arnold B. Glimcher Chairman PaceWildenstein Lewis Golub Chairman of the Board The Golub Corporation Wallace A. Graham Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Schenectady International, Inc. Joel J. Horowitz Chairman of the Board Tommy Hilfiger Corporation Thomas H. Jackson President University of Rochester Peter J. Kallet Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Oneida Ltd. Charles A. Krasne President and Chief Executive Officer Krasdale Foods, Inc. Richard S. LeFrak President LeFrak Organization, Inc. Leo Liebowitz Chief Executive Officer Getty Realty Corp. William L. Mack Co-Founder and Managing Partner Apollo Real Estate Advisors L.P . Theodore Markson Chairman Paris Accessories, Inc. Herman I. Merinoff Chairman of the Board The Charmer Sunbelt Group John Morphy Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Paychex, Inc. Dennis M. Mullen Chairman, President and Chief Financial Officer Birds Eye Foods Michael C. Nahl Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Albany International Corp. Samuel I. Newhouse III General Manager Advance Publications Inc. William C. Rudin President Rudin Management Company, Inc. John Shalam Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Audiovox Corporation Arthur T. Shorin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Topps Company, Inc. Kenneth L. Wallach Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Central National-Gottesman Inc. Fred Wilpon Chairman Sterling Equities, Inc. Judith D. Zuk President Brooklyn Botanic Garden Regional Advisory Board* *Board membership as of January 2005 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report 135 JPMorgan Chase International Council Ç Hon. George P . Shultz Chairman of the Council Distinguished Fellow Hoover Institution Stanford University Stanford, California Riley P . Bechtel Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bechtel Group, Inc. San Francisco, California Jean-Louis Beffa Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Compagnie de Saint-Gobain Paris, France Hon. Bill Bradley Allen & Company New York, New York Michael A. Chaney Managing Director Wesfarmers Limited Perth, Australia André Desmarais President and Co-Chief Executive Officer Power Corporation of Canada Montreal, Canada Martin Feldstein President and Chief Executive Officer National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. Cambridge, Massachusetts Arminio Fraga Neto Founding Partner Gavea Investimentos, Ltd. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Xiqing Gao Vice Chairman National Council for Social Security Fund Beijing, People’s Republic of China Franz B. Humer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Roche Holding Ltd. Basel, Switzerland Abdallah S. Jum’ah President and CEO Saudi Arabian Oil Company Dhahran, Saudi Arabia Hon. Henry A. Kissinger Chairman Kissinger Associates, Inc. New York, New York Mustafa V. Koç Chairman of the Board of Directors Koç Holding A.S. Istanbul, Turkey Hon. Lee Kuan Yew Minister Mentor Republic of Singapore Singapore Minoru Makihara Senior Corporate Advisor and Former Chairman Mitsubishi Corporation Tokyo, Japan The Rt. Hon. Brian Mulroney Senior Partner Ogilvy Renault Montreal, Canada David J. O’Reilly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ChevronTexaco Corporation San Ramon, California David Rockefeller Former Chairman The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. New York, New York Sir John Rose Chief Executive Rolls-Royce plc London, United Kingdom Walter V. Shipley Former Chairman of the Board The Chase Manhattan Corporation New York, New York Jess Søderberg Partner and Chief Executive Officer A.P . Møller-Maersk Group Copenhagen, Denmark William S. Stavropoulos Chairman of the Board The Dow Chemical Company Midland, Michigan Ratan Naval Tata Chairman Tata Sons Limited Mumbai, India Marco Tronchetti Provera Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Pirelli & C. SpA Milan, Italy Cees J.A. van Lede Former Chairman, Board of Management Akzo Nobel Arnhem, The Netherlands Douglas A. Warner III Former Chairman of the Board J.P . Morgan Chase & Co. New York, New York Ernesto Zedillo Director Yale Center for the Study of Globalization New Haven, Connecticut Jaime Augusto Zobel de Ayala President Ayala Corporation Makati City, Philippines Ex-Officio Members William B. Harrison, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York James Dimon President and Chief Operating Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York Andrew Crockett President JPMorgan Chase International New York, New York William M. Daley Chairman of the Midwest Region JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chicago, Illinois Walter A. Gubert Vice Chairman JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chairman JPMorgan Chase EMEA London, United Kingdom This page has been amended since the Annual Report was printed and presents the International Committee of the Firm as of March 30, 2005. 136 JPMorgan Chase & Co. / 2004 Annual Report Governance Our merger with Bank One Corporation gave us the opportunity to examine the corporate governance practices of both companies. By corporate governance, we mean the system of checks and balances among the Board of Directors, management and stockholders designed to produce an efficiently functioning corporation that is directed to creating long-term stockholder value, maintaining the highest standards of ethical conduct, reporting financial results with accuracy and transparency, and fully complying with all applicable laws and regulations as we conduct the Firm’s business. We believe we have brought the best of both predecessors to the combined Firm’s governance practices. The Board The Board of Directors reflects strong continuity with both predecessors. It has a super-majority of non-management directors and only two management members, Mr. Harrison and Mr. Dimon. The Board has determined that all of the non-management directors are independent under the Board’s independence standards. After the merger became effective, the Board took a fresh look at its structure and practices in its efforts to integrate the practices and experience of each predecessor company. •T he Board determined to maintain the existing Board committee structure with the principal committees consisting of Audit, Compensation & Management Development, Corporate Governance & Nominating, Public Responsibility and Risk Policy. Each committee reviewed its charter, taking into consideration the charters of corresponding predecessor committees. The revised committee charters can be found on our website at www.jpmorganchase.com (Governance). • New committee assignments provided for both continuity in oversight as well as the application of new perspectives to the functions of the committees. •T he Board reviewed and revised its Corporate Governance Principles, retaining best practices from the predecessor companies. Among the changes adopted, the Corporate Governance Principles specify limits on other board memberships and include a pledge by directors to retain, as long as they serve, all shares of the Firm’s common stock purchased on the open market or received pursuant to their service as a Board member. The Corporate Governance Principles can be found at www.jpmorganchase.com (Governance). Internal Governance Connecting the oversight of the Board and the day-to-day functioning of our employees are mechanisms intended to ensure that we conduct our daily business in accordance with the Firm’s objectives and policies and in compliance with the laws and regulations that govern our diverse businesses. JPMorgan Chase operates multiple lines of business through a number of subsidiaries throughout the world. The Firm as a whole manages by line of business, supported by global policies and standards that typically apply to all relevant units regardless of geography or legal structure. At the top of our control structure is our risk management process. At JPMorgan Chase, we are all risk managers. Risk governance begins with creating the right risk culture, and that is done by ensuring that every employee understands that risk management and control is the responsibility of each and every individual of the Firm. The Firm’s risk governance structure is built upon the premise that each line of business is responsible for managing the risks inherent in its business activity. As part of the risk management structure, each line of business has a Risk Committee responsible for decisions relating to risk strategy, policies and control. Where appropriate, the Risk Committees escalate risk issues to the Firm’s Operating Committee or to the Risk Working Group, a subgroup of the Operating Committee. The Board of Directors exercises oversight of risk management as a whole and through the Board’s Audit Committee and the Risk Policy Committee. Code of Conduct The Firm’s Code of Conduct is an important part of our policies and procedures to maintain high standards of conduct and to reduce or avoid reputational risk. Our integrity and reputation depend on our ability to do the right thing, even when it is not the easy thing. Our commitment to responsible, honest and ethical behavior was at the heart of the codes of conduct of both heritage firms and it remains so at JPMorgan Chase today. Following a thorough review, the Firm adopted a new Code of Conduct to replace similar policies that existed in our predecessor firms. The Code of Conduct sets forth the guiding principles and rules of behavior by which we conduct our daily business with our customers, vendors, stockholders and with our fellow employees. The Code of Conduct also requires preclearance of outside business activities and, for certain units, preclearance of personal securities transactions. The Code of Conduct applies to all employees and directors, who must annually affirm that they are in compliance with it. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.jpmorganchase.com (Governance). JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Telephone: 212-270-6000 http://www.jpmorganchase.com Principal subsidiaries JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association Chase Bank USA, National Association J.P.Morgan Securities Inc. Annual report on Form 10-K The Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission will be made available upon request to: Office of the Secretary JPMorgan Chase & Co. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Stock listing New York Stock Exchange, Inc. London Stock Exchange Limited Tokyo Stock Exchange The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) ticker symbols for stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co. are as follows: JPM (Common Stock) JPMPRH (Depositary Shares Each Representing a One-Tenth Interest in 6 5/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock) Certifications by the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, have been filed as exhibits to the Firm’s 2004 Annual Report on Form 10-K The NYSE requires that the Chief Executive Officer of a listed company certify annually that he or she was not aware of any violation by the company of the NYSE's Corporate Governance listing standards. Such certification was made on June 21, 2004. Financial information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. can be accessed by visiting the Investor Relations site of www.jpmorganchase.com. Additional questions should be addressed to: Investor Relations JPMorgan Chase & Co. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017-2070 Telephone: 212-270-6000 Direct deposit of dividends For information about direct deposit of dividends, please contact Mellon Investor Services LLC. Stockholder inquiries Contact Mellon Investor Services LLC: By telephone: Within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 1-800-758-4651 (toll free) From all other locations: 1-201-329-8660 (collect) TDD service for the hearing impaired within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 1-800-231-5469 (toll free) All other locations: 1-201-329-8354 (collect) By mail: Mellon Investor Services LLC Overpeck Center 85 Challenger Road Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660-2108 Duplicate mailings If you receive duplicate mailings because you have more than one account listing and you wish to consolidate your accounts, please write to Mellon Investor Services LLC at the address above. Independent registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 300 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10017 This Annual Report has been printed on paper that is produced from raw materials that originated from a com- bination of well managed forests and post consumer waste (PCW) recycled fibers. •T he covers and financial reporting sections (pages 17- 136) of this report are printed on paper independently certified by SmartWood, a program of the Rainforest Alliance, to the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) stan- dards and contains 30% PCW. The Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) is an independent nonprofit organization devoted to encouraging the responsible management of the world’s forests. FSC sets high standards that ensure forestry is practiced in an environmentally responsible, socially beneficial, and eco- nomically viable way. Landowners and companies that Directors To contact any of the Board members please mail correspondence to: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Attention (Board member) Office of the Secretary 270 Park Avenue, 35th Floor New York, New York 10017-2070 The corporate governance principles of the board, the charters of the principal board committees and other governance information can be accessed by visiting www.jpmorganchase.com and clicking on “Governance.”Stockholders may request a copy of such materials by writing to the Office of the Secretary at the above address. Transfer agent and registrar Mellon Investor Services LLC Overpeck Center 85 Challenger Road Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660-2108 Telephone: 1-800-758-4651 https://vault.melloninvestor.com/isd Investor Services Program JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investor Services Program offers a variety of convenient, low- cost services to make it easier to reinvest dividends and buy and sell shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. common stock. A brochure and enrollment materials may be obtained by contacting the Program Administrator, Mellon Investor Services LLC, by calling 1-800-758-4651, by writing them at the address indicated above or by visiting their Web site at www.melloninvestor.com. sell timber or forest products seek certification as a way to verify to consumers that they have practiced forestry consistent with FSC standards. •T he remainder of the report (pages 1-16) is printed on paper made with 20% PCW recycled fibers. ©2005 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. Printed in the U.S.A.