312 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2021 Annual Report Linda B. Bammann2, 4 Retired Deputy Head of Risk Management JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Financial services) Stephen B. Burke2, 3 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer NBCUniversal, LLC (Television and entertainment) Todd A. Combs2, 3 Investment Officer Berkshire Hathaway Inc.; President and Chief Executive Officer GEICO (Conglomerate and insurance) James S. Crown4, 5 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Henry Crown and Company (Diversified investments) James Dimon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Financial services) Timothy P. Flynn1 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KPMG (Professional services) Mellody Hobson4, 5 Co-CEO and President Ariel Investments, LLC (Investment management) Michael A. Neal1, 5 Retired Vice Chairman General Electric Company; Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer GE Capital (Industrial and financial services) Phebe N. Novakovic1 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer General Dynamics (Aerospace and defense) Virginia M. Rometty2, 3 Retired Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer International Business Machines Corporation (Technology) Member of: 1 Audit Committee 2 Compensation & Management Development Committee 3 Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee 4 Risk Committee 5 Public Responsibility Committee Board of Directors Operating Committee James Dimon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel E. Pinto President and Chief Operating Officer; CEO, Corporate & Investment Bank Ashley Bacon Chief Risk Officer Marc K. Badrichani Head of Global Sales & Research Jeremy Barnum Chief Financial Officer Lori A. Beer Chief Information Officer Mary Callahan Erdoes CEO, Asset & Wealth Management Stacey Friedman General Counsel Takis T. Georgakopoulos Global Head of Wholesale Payments Teresa A. Heitsenrether Global Head of Securities Services Carlos M. Hernandez Executive Chair of Investment & Corporate Banking Marianne Lake Co-CEO, Consumer & Community Banking Robin Leopold Head of Human Resources Douglas B. Petno CEO, Commercial Banking Jennifer A. Piepszak Co-CEO, Consumer & Community Banking Troy L. Rohrbaugh Head of Global Markets Peter L. Scher Vice Chairman Sanoke Viswanathan CEO, International Consumer Banking Other Corporate Officers Joseph M. Evangelisti Corporate Communications Mikael Grubb Investor Relations Elena A. Korablina Firmwide Controller Lou Rauchenberger General Auditor John H. Tribolati Secretary JPMorgan Chase & Co./2021 Annual Report 313 JPMorgan Chase Vice Chairs Asia Pacific Australia and New Zealand Robert P. Bedwell China Mark C.M. Leung Hong Kong Harshika Patel Japan Steve Teru Rinoie Korea Tae Jin Park Southeast Asia Sudhir Goel India Madhav Kalyan Indonesia Gioshia Ralie Malaysia Hooi Ching Wong Philippines Carlos Ma. G Mendoza Singapore Edmund Y. Lee Thailand Marco Sucharitkul Taiwan Carl K. Chien Vietnam Van Bich Phan Europe/Middle East/Africa Austria Anton J. Ulmer Bahrain, Egypt and Lebanon Ali Moosa Belgium Tanguy A. Piret France Kyril Courboin Germany Stefan P. Povaly Iberia Ignacio de la Colina Ireland Marc Hussey Israel Roy Navon Italy Francesco Cardinali Luxembourg Pablo Garnica Middle East and North Africa Khaled Hobballah Karim Tannir The Netherlands Cassander Verwey Russia and Kazakhstan Yan L. Tavrovsky Saudi Arabia Bader A. Alamoudi Sub-Saharan Africa Kevin G. Latter Switzerland Nick Bossart Turkey Mustafa Bagriacik United Arab Emirates Majed Al Mesmari Latin America/Caribbean Andean, Caribbean and Central America Moises Mainster Argentina Facundo D. Gómez Minujin Brazil Daniel Darahem Chile Andres Errazuriz Colombia Angela M. Hurtado Mexico Felipe García-Moreno North America Canada David E. Rawlings Senior Country Officers and Location Heads Regional Chief Executive Officers Asia Pacific Filippo Gori Europe/Middle East/Africa Viswas Raghavan Latin America/Canada Alfonso Eyzaguirre Phyllis J. Campbell Mark S. Garvin Vittorio U. Grilli Mel R. Martinez David Mayhew E. John Rosenwald Peter L. Scher 314 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2021 Annual Report Rt. Hon. Tony Blair Chairman of the Council Former Prime Minister of Great Britain and Northern Ireland London, United Kingdom The Hon. Robert M. Gates Vice Chairman of the Council Principal Rice, Hadley, Gates & Manuel LLC Washington, District of Columbia Paul Bulcke Chairman of the Board of Directors Nestlé S.A. Vevey, Switzerland Aliko Dangote Group President and Chief Executive Dangote Group Lagos, Nigeria Jamie Dimon* Chairman and Chief Executive Officer JPMorgan Chase & Co. New York, New York John Elkann Chairman and Chief Executive Officer EXOR N.V. Turin, Italy Ignacio S. Galán Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Iberdrola, S.A. Madrid, Spain Marcos Galperin Chief Executive Officer Mercado Libre Montevideo, Uruguay Armando Garza Sada Chairman of the Board ALFA, S.A.B. of C.V. San Pedro Garza García, Mexico Alex Gorsky Executive Chairman Johnson & Johnson New Brunswick, New Jersey The Hon. Carla A. Hills Senior Counselor Albright Stonebridge Group Washington, District of Columbia The Hon. John Howard OM AC Former Prime Minister of Australia Sydney, Australia Joe Kaeser Chairman of the Supervisory Board Siemens Energy Munich, Germany The Hon. Henry A. Kissinger Chairman Kissinger Associates, Inc. New York, New York Nancy McKinstry Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board Wolters Kluwer Alphen aan den Rijn, The Netherlands Carlo Messina Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Intesa Sanpaolo Turin, Italy Amin H. Nasser President and Chief Executive Officer Saudi Aramco Dhahran, Saudi Arabia The Hon. Condoleezza Rice Partner Rice, Hadley, Gates & Manuel LLC Stanford, California Paolo Rocca Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tenaris Buenos Aires, Argentina Kasper Rørsted Chief Executive Officer adidas AG Herzogenaurach, Germany Nassef Sawiris Executive Chair OCI N.V. London, United Kingdom Ratan Naval Tata Chairman Emeritus Tata Sons Ltd Mumbai, India Joseph C. Tsai Executive Vice Chairman Alibaba Group Hong Kong, China The Hon. Tung Chee Hwa GBM Vice Chairman National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference Hong Kong, China Jaime Augusto Zobel de Ayala Chairman Ayala Corporation Makati City, Philippines J.P . Morgan International Council *Ex-officio Corporate headquarters 383 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10179-0001 Telephone: 212-270-6000 jpmorganchase.com Annual Report on Form 10-K The Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will be made available without charge upon request to: Office of the Secretary JPMorgan Chase & Co. 4 New York Plaza New York, NY 10004-2413 Stock listing New York Stock Exchange The New York Stock Exchange ticker symbol for the common stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is JPM. Financial information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. can be accessed by visiting the Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com. Additional questions should be addressed to: Investor Relations JPMorgan Chase & Co. 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172-0003 Telephone: 212-270-2479 JPMCinvestorrelations@jpmchase.com Directors To contact any of the Board members or committee chairs, the Lead Independent Director or the non-management directors as a group, please mail correspondence to: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Attention (Board member(s)) Office of the Secretary 4 New York Plaza New York, NY 10004-2413 The Corporate Governance Principles, the charters of the principal standing Board committees, the Code of Conduct, the Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals and other governance information can be accessed by visiting our website at jpmorganchase.com and clicking on “Governance” under the “Who We Are” tab. The Code of Conduct is available in print upon request to the JPMorgan Chase Investor Relations Department. Within the time period required by the SEC, the Firm will post on its website any amendment to the Code of Conduct and any waiver applicable to a director or executive officer. Transfer agent and registrar Computershare 462 South 4th Street Suite 1600 Louisville, KY 40202 United States Telephone: 800-758-4651 www.computershare.com/investor Investor Services Program JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investor Services Program offers a variety of convenient, low-cost services to make it easier to reinvest dividends and buy and sell shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. common stock. A brochure and enrollment materials may be obtained by contacting the Program Administrator, Computershare, by calling 800-758-4651, by writing to the address indicated above or by visiting its website at www-us.computershare.com/investor. Direct deposit of dividends For information about direct deposit of dividends, please contact Computershare. Stockholder inquiries Contact Computershare: By telephone: Within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 800-758-4651 (toll free) From all other locations: 201-680-6862 (collect) TDD service for the hearing impaired within the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico: 800-231-5469 (toll free) All other locations: 201-680-6610 (collect) By regular mail: Computershare P.O. Box 505000 Louisville, KY 40233 United States By overnight delivery: Computershare 462 South 4th Street Suite 1600 Louisville, KY 40202 United States Duplicate mailings If you receive duplicate mailings because you have more than one account listing and you wish to consolidate your accounts, please write to Computershare at the address above. Independent registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 300 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10017 © 2022 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. Printed in the U.S.A. “JPMorgan Chase,” “J.P. Morgan,” “Chase,” the Octagon symbol and other words or symbols in this report that identify JPMorgan Chase services are service marks of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Other words or symbols in this report that identify other parties’ goods or services may be trademarks or service marks of those other parties. This Annual Report is printed on paper made from well-managed forests and other controlled sources. The paper is independently certified by Bureau Veritas Quality International according to Forest Stewardship Council® standards.