Sustainability Report - PT Vale Indonesia Tbk - Vale Pular para o Conteúdo principal A+ A- Contraste Change language to English Fechar About PT Vale Indonesia Voltar About PT Vale Indonesia Descrição da página Acesse a página About PT Vale Indonesia Acesse a página Our Purpose and Values Acesse a página Our history in Indonesia Acesse a página Our Organization Acesse a página Indonesia Growth Projects Acesse a página Awards and Certifications Governance Voltar Governance Descrição da página Acesse a página Governance Acesse a página Board of Directors Acesse a página Board of Commisioners Acesse a página Committees Acesse a página Corporate Secretary Acesse a página Corporate Governance Policy Acesse a página Risk Management Acesse a página Anti-Corruption Program Acesse a página Whistleblowing System Investors Voltar Investors Descrição da página Acesse a página Investors Acesse a página Major and Controlling Shareholders Acesse a página Investor Relation Publications Acesse a página Financial Highlights Acesse a página General Meeting of Shareholders Acesse a página Shares Information Acesse a página Dividend Acesse a página Capital Market Supporting Institutions and/or Professionals Sustainability Voltar Sustainability Descrição da página Acesse a página Sustainability Acesse a página Environment Voltar Environment Descrição da página Acesse a página Environment Acesse a página Post Mining Rehabilitation Acesse a página Biodiversity Acesse a página Sawerigading Wallacea Biodiversity Park Acesse a página Water and Effluent Management Acesse a página Emission Acesse a página Waste Acesse a página Social Voltar Social Descrição da página Acesse a página Social Acesse a página Our People Acesse a página Diversity, Equity, Inclusion Acesse a página Occupational Health and Safety Acesse a página Human Rights Acesse a página Community Acesse a página Social Development Program Acesse a página East Luwu Community Scholarship Acesse a página Practical Work and Student Research Acesse a página Sustainability Report Acesse a página IRMA Audit Transparency and Policies Voltar Transparency and Policies Descrição da página Acesse a página Transparency and Policies Acesse a página Towuti Oil Leakage Recovery Acesse a página Our Policy Suppliers Voltar Suppliers Descrição da página Acesse a página Suppliers Opportunities in Indonesia Voltar Opportunities in Indonesia Acesse a página Opportunities in Indonesia Acesse a página Life at PT Vale Indonesia Acesse a página Opportunities in Indonesia Acesse a página Recruitment Stages ESG Voltar ESG Acesse a página ESG Acesse a página ESG Governance Acesse a página ESG Strategy Acesse a página ESG Risk Management Voltar ESG Risk Management Acesse a página ESG Risk Management Acesse a página ESG Risk Assesment Acesse a página ESG Roadmaps Acesse a página ESG Flagship Programs Acesse a página ESG Ratings and Awards All News Voltar All News Descrição da página Acesse a página All News Acesse a página JWPC 2025 Winners Fechar Barra de busca Busque em toda a Vale... é uma sugestão de pesquisa popular Links rápidos Acesse a página Board of Directors Acesse a página Whistleblowing System Acesse a página Suppliers Acesse a página Investor Relation Publications Acesse a página ESG Ir para o rodapé ALT + T Ir para a página inicial Ir para página sobre Acessibilidade Aumentar tamanho de fonte do site Diminuir tamanho de fonte do site Trocar entre modo de alto contraste e modo normal Abrir pesquisa do site Indonésia Sustainability Sustainability Report 2023 Foto: Vale Indonesia Foto: Vale Indonesia Mining for Tomorrow: Sustaining Operations with Responsibility About the Theme In supporting sustainability amidst low-carbon economic needs, PT Vale is committed to conducting long-term operational activities by implementing sustainable practices. We continue to innovate and invest in environmentally friendly technologies to minimize the negative impacts of mining activities. More about our Purpose click the + button to expand and learn more about our report Message from the CEO Dear respected stakeholders, PT Vale recognizes the urgency of implementing Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) principles for the future of the domestic industry. Every decision we make is carefully considered for its impact on ESG, as we believe that sustainable mining can significantly contribute to the well-being of the earth and society. We appreciate the support from all stakeholders in our efforts to implement sustainable practices. Together, we are committed to building a greener and more sustainable future for generations to come. Febriany Eddy CEO & President Director PT Vale Indonesia Tbk Fotógrafo: xxxx About Our Sustainability Report PT Vale's Sustainability Report is issued based on and in reference to Law No. 40 of 2007 and Financial Services Authority (OJK) Regulation No. 51/POJK.03/2007. The preparation of the report adheres to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 2021 Standards, Sustainability Reporting Guidelines & Mining and Metals Sector Supplement (MMSS) GRI-4, and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Metals and Mining 2021 Determination of Material Topics We have prepared the Sustainability Report in compliance with existing laws and regulations, namely Law No. 40 of 20There have been no changes in the material topics from the previous reporting period. Material topics are determined based on surveys and discussions involving internal and external stakeholders. Discussions are facilitated by an independent party as the Expert Team. The discussion results in 10 material topics relevant to the sustainability context and aligned with support for TPB achievement. Access PT Vale Indonesia Tbk Sustainability Report 2023 (in pdf format) Environment Low Carbon Agenda To reduce carbon emissions, PT Vale is focusing on implementing renewable energy (EBT) with a target of reducing carbon emissions by up to 33% by 2030. This development project has undergone comprehensive risk management processes, including social and environmental aspects. In 2023, the Company initiated the construction of a Nursery, or breeding center, for the Indonesia Growth Project (IGP) in Pomalaa, Kolaka Regency, Southeast Sulawesi. This Nursery facility is prepared for post-mining reclamation purposes in the Pomalaa Block and other areas in Kolaka. Reducing Landfill Loads Together We are committed to comprehensive and sustainable environmental management. PT Vale is committed to achieving zero waste to landfill by 2025, five years ahead of the government’s target. To achieve the zero waste to landfill target, We implemented several supporting activities during 2023, include but not limited to utilized organic waste as feed for maggots and organic compost and community guidance on waste bank management. Reducing Water Consumption Intensity The commitment to reduce water consumption intensity is realized through the implementation of the Water Efficiency and the Reduction of Wastewater Load Policies. Water usage efficiency is carried out in factory areas, mining sites, offices, and other supporting facilities by 1% per year. The amount of water consumed is equal to the water withdrawn from the lake, and no water is taken from water-stressed areas. "We believe that the implementation of sustainable mining can significantly contribute to the well-being of the earth and society. Additionally, it provides assurance to customers and stakeholders that PT Vale's mineral products (nickel) are obtained through responsible production processes." - Board Explanation - Access PT Vale Indonesia Tbk Sustainability Report 2023 (in pdf format) Social We aim to continue our presence and contribute positively to the community, including creating more job opportunities. We are committed to maximizing local employment and enhancing competencies through workforce training. We also provides extensive opportunities for women to take on roles and maximize their capabilities within the operational areas. At PT Vale, we are committed to providing equal opportunities for all individuals to work and advance their careers. Together Empowering the Communities PT Vale has conducted a social impact evaluation of the activities carried out by the Company in the Sorowako, Bahodopi, and Pomalaa areas. PT Vale has also conducted a Social Return on Investment (SROI) analysis in Sorowako. In 2023, PT Vale's social programs contributed to achieving the Green PROPER rating, especially in community empowerment, and have been recognized by various relevant institutions. Community Development Program (PPM) Activities 2023: Education Health Real Income Level Economic Independence Social Culture Social Environment Community Institutions Infrastructure Development that Supports the Community Governance PT Vale's mining activities are carried out in an integrated manner, encompassing not only extraction but also processing. The extension of the company's contract into a Special Mining Business License (IUPK) was conducted through a Divestment Commitment between PT Vale and PT Mineral Industri Indonesia (Persero), or MIND ID. On February 26, 2024, the stock divestment was executed jointly with MIND ID, resulting in MIND ID's total ownership stake becoming 34%. Certification and External Awards Certification ISO 14001:2015 - Environmental Management Systems Certificate No. ID004085 by Bureau Veritas. Scope: Mining, processing plant of nickel, including its support and services. ISO 17025 - Laboratory Test and Calibration Standards Certificate No. LP-1729-DN by Komite Akreditasi Nasional. Scope: Competence of Testing Laboratories and Calibration Laboratories. ISO 50001 - Energy Management System Certificate No. 01 407 2135341 by TÜV Rheinland. Scope: Mining and processing of Nickel in Matte products. PROPER Achievement of the Ministry of Environment and Forestry in 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 Aside from Green PROPER, we received external awards and appreciations troughout 2022, including: Performance Recognition for the Community Empowerment and Development (PPM)/ Tambang Menyejahterakan Masyarakat (Tamasya) Award 2023 on December 8, 2023, awarded by the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources in the Planning and Implementation categories. Go to Page Good Mining Practices (GMP) Award 2023, where PT Vale received the Aditama Certificate and Best Trophy - Mineral and Coal Mine Technical Management Aspects, Aditama Certificate and Best Trophy - Mineral and Coal Conservation Management Aspects, Aditama Certificate and Best Trophy - Environmental Management Aspects of Mineral and Coal Mining, as well as the Main Award for Standardization Management and Mining Services Business. The awards were presented by the Directorate General of Mineral and Coal of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources on September 29, 2023. Go to Page DEN Award 2023 in the category of Private Companies Leading the Energy Transition in the Mining Sector, organized by the National Energy Council (DEN). Go to Page Katadata Corporate Sustainability Award (KCSA) in the Mining sector for the Environment category, organized by katadata.co.id Go to Page Learn more Access PT Vale Indonesia Tbk Sustainability Report 2023 (in pdf format) Download Sustainability Report 2023 PT Vale Indonesia Tbk (in pdf format) Sustainability Report 2022 Sustainability Report 2024 Vale Investors Atualizar preferências de cookies ESG E-Procurement Whistleblower Channel Suppliers Investor Relation Publications Board of Directors Our Policy Acessibilidade Investors Dividend Capital Market Supporting Institutions and/or Professionals Financial Highlights General Meeting of Shareholders Shares Information © Vale | Todos os direitos reservados. Vale Investors Atualizar preferências de cookies © Vale | Todos os direitos reservados. Vale ESG E-Procurement Whistleblower Channel Suppliers Investor Relation Publications Board of Directors Our Policy Acessibilidade Investors Investors Dividend Capital Market Supporting Institutions and/or Professionals Financial Highlights General Meeting of Shareholders Shares Information Oculto