52 2018 financial results Consumer and Community Banking (CCB) had a remarkable 2018. We delivered a 28% return on equity on record net income of $14.9 billion and $52.1 billion in revenue, up 12% year- over-year. We grew our customer base to nearly 62 million U.S. households, including 4 million small businesses. Among our consumer households, 25% have a relationship with two or more Chase lines of business. This performance is a direct result of the growth in our business drivers and a sustained focus on investing for the medium and long term. In CCB, our four-year compound annual growth rate for deposits has been double that of the industry over- all since 2014, and in 2018, we grew retail deposit share in 27 of our top 30 markets. Our average deposits of $670 billion were up 5%, and client investment assets reached $282 billion, up 3% despite volatility in the market. Since 2014, we have brought in $215 billion of Consumer Banking deposits and investment balances. The incremental deposits acquired over this time period alone would be equivalent to the seventh largest retail bank in the country. Our customers spent more than $1 trillion on 99 million debit and credit card accounts in 2018, averag- ing 49 million transactions every day. We also have the largest customer base of active mobile users among U.S. banks at 33 million. We grew our business while reduc- ing our overhead ratio and making significant investments. These include investing in the 400 branches we are opening in new markets to extend our reach to cus- tomers, as well as in other improve- ments to our customers’ experience. We achieved our 2018 results with continued focus on the same four areas as in years past: customers, profitability, people and controls. Here are some of the highlights of what we accomplished in each of these areas. Customers We are proud that Chase has a rela - tionship with nearly half of all U.S. households. A first step in reaching more customers is making sure we are meeting their needs. Therefore, we are introducing new products and refreshing existing ones with the features and benefits our cus - tomers value. Another step taken this past year was to open branches in new mar- kets, specifically Washington, D.C., Philadelphia and Boston. When we enter these communities, we bring the full force of this great company – hiring, lending and helping cus- tomers save for their first home, start a business or retire with financial Consumer & Community Banking In 2018, the U.S. economy benefited from continued low unemployment and stable inflation. There have been other economic periods like this since the 1950s, but they have not lasted as long. The U.S. economy is strong. Gross domestic product increased at an annual rate of 2.9%; unemployment in 2018 hit its lowest level since December 1969; and wage growth picked up, passing along some of the strength of the economic expansion to the consumer – many of whom are our customers. The consumer debt burden is at manage- able levels, both consumer and small business optimism is at or near an all-time high, and consumer credit remains strong. While the economy is performing well, it is not working for everyone. Across the firm, we recognize this and want to do our part to remedy that reality. As a company, we want to help everyone make the most of their money and seek opportunities to connect with households we don’t already serve. #1 in total U.S . credit car d sales v olume and outstandin g s # 1 in U.S . retail deposit gr o w th # 1# 1 More than 80% of tr ansac tions self -ser vic ed 62 million households 6 2M # 1 most visited bankin g por tal in the U.S . #1 15 MOBILE L OGINS 15 mobile logins per active user per mon th More than $1 trillion in cr edit and debit card sales v olume $1 + T DIGIT AL DEPOSIT A C C OUNT S 1 .5M 29% of check deposit transactions thr ough QuickDeposit SM 29% QUICKDEPOSIT SM 1.5 million deposit ac c oun ts opened digitally 80 + % SELF- SER VICED 49M ACTIVE DIGIT AL CUS T OMERS 49 million ac tiv e digital customer s 33M ACTIVE MOBILE CUS T OMERS 33 million ac tiv e mobile customer s YOU INVES T DIGIT AL PL A TF ORM You In v est digital tr adin g plat f orm la unched 53 security. The reception in each mar- ket, by new and existing customers, has been wonderful. As part of the market expansion, we also support each local community directly with help from the JPMorgan Chase Foun- dation. In Washington, D.C., we com- mitted $1.6 million in philanthropy. In Boston, we committed $3 billion for home and small business loans and $1.1 million to support jobs and skills development. We are always focused on improving the customer experience. Across all of our products, we have made it quicker and easier to become a Chase customer. Increasingly, that experi- ence is digital, online or mobile. More than 1 million customers opened a checking or savings account digitally in 2018. For existing customers who were adding an account, it took less than three minutes. We have plans to reduce that time even further. Existing customers enjoyed a steady stream of improvements to their experience with us: the ability to lock and unlock a misplaced card, more options on how to pay credit card bills, discounts and offers from favorite merchants, and, for those who have multiple relationships with us, a clear understanding of the prod- ucts they qualify for before applying. Profitability We prioritize long-term, profitable growth when making decisions about investing in the future of our con- sumer franchise. In 2018, we contin- ued our progress to drive down struc- tural expense, reducing our overhead ratio to 53%, down from 56% the prior year. We’ve also made progress reducing our cost to serve each house- hold while our customer base and total transaction volume continue to grow. We’ve made investments that have brought down our cost to serve each household by 15% since 2014. These investments allow us to reach more customers at a lower cost and through the channels they prefer. More and more often, that channel is mobile. Our active mobile customer base grew 11% since 2017, averaging a login rate of 15 times a month. And we have made it easy for customers who want to speak with someone by phone or in person. Customers are doing more than 80% of their transactions on their own. This simple experience means cus- tomers who use mobile and digital channels are happier with us, tend to do more business with us and are more profitable. Consumer Banking customers who have relationships with two or more Chase lines of business generate two and a half times more pre-tax income for us. That is because they have deeper relationships and also because they are often servicing their accounts digitally, which is more cost-effective. For those customers who rely on branches, we are tailoring our physi - cal network to match the service activity of each location. We have expanded into our new market loca - tions using a combination of strate - gically placed full-service branches, smaller format branches and stand - alone ATMs – which can now sup - port 74% of the transactions that once required a teller. Expanding into new markets Last year, we announced plans to open up to 400 new retail branches and hire as many as 3,000 employees in new U.S. markets over the next five years. This expansion is part of a $20 billion invest- ment in our business and local economic growth. We are committed to serving all communities, including those with low- to moderate-income households, with these new branches. We’ve opened 12 branches in the Greater Washington region, Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley, and Boston — and will continue to grow in these regions. We plan to add retail branches in nine more U.S. markets this year, opening as many as 90 new branches and hiring 700 employees, offering more customers access to our retail and business banking services and providing jobs to these communities. Existing footprint 2018 expansion 2019 expansion Branch expansion 2018-2019 54 representation – and, most recently, Advancing Black Pathways, our effort to promote greater opportunities for black Americans to participate in economic success. We are also mindful that the nature of our work is changing as we invest in technology that allows customers to manage their own needs. While we have hired 2,000+ more people in technology and digital roles, we have 7,000 fewer employees working in operational positions since 2014. We are committed to offering other opportunities and training to those employees who might need to find a new role – here at Chase or some- where else. Controls Our customers rely on us to protect their data and their money. We take that responsibility very seriously. Therefore, we deploy many safe- guards, checks and balances to make sure we do our work as effectively as possible. This helps us adhere to the many regulations and requirements that govern us. Upgrading and rigor- ously maintaining these controls is an ongoing discipline; we are proud of the work we do and will continue to improve. Looking ahead — 2019 Becoming a customer As we continue to focus on custom- ers’ needs in 2019, we will make it even easier to become a Chase cus- tomer and grow with us during a life- time. Earlier this year, we created a product to meet the needs of the mil- lions of U.S. households outside of the banking system – Chase Secure Bank- ing. For a fee of $4.95 a month, people receive access to our branches, ATMs and mobile banking to make pay- ments, deposit checks and send money, and they cannot overdraft. We will also continue to expand to new markets. We expect 93% of the U.S. population to be in our Chase footprint by the end of 2022. Paying with Chase Our customers make more than $2 trillion in payments each year – whether they are shopping with one of our cards, paying a bill or paying another person. No matter the method, we want them to be able to do so with ease and confidence, as well as to realize the value of paying with Chase. In addition to the new customer-friendly features I men- tioned earlier, we are upgrading our card chips to be “tap to pay”-enabled. We announced two new features for our credit card customers coming later this year – My Chase PlanSM and My Chase LoanSM – to provide more ways to borrow using existing Chase credit card lines. When customers need to pay their Chase bills, they can set a fixed amount to pay auto- matically or pay at our ATMs. Growing wealth We want to help everyone make the most of their money, whether they need to build emergency savings to We are committed to serving all households with these new branches, including ones with low to moderate incomes. People We are so proud of our team, 135,0001 strong. In the same way we focus on making experiences great for our customers, we also strive to do the same for our employees. We have always believed our com- pany has a role to play in society, leading by example in areas such as diversity. It’s important to us that our employees represent the customers we serve. More than 57% of our employees are women, and more than half are minorities. Our employees who work directly with customers in our branches and call centers have higher minority representation than our senior executive positions, and we are working to correct that balance. But we don’t stop with our employ- ees. We are leading initiatives to drive inclusive growth across the country, such as Women on the Move – which helps women overcome barriers they face at work and helps further female #1 in total U.S . credit car d sales v olume and outstandin g s # 1 in U.S . retail deposit gr o w th # 1# 1 More than 80% of tr ansac tions self -ser vic ed 62 million households 6 2M # 1 most visited bankin g por tal in the U.S . #1 15 MOBILE L OGINS 15 mobile logins per active user per mon th More than $1 trillion in cr edit and debit card sales v olume $1 + T DIGIT AL DEPOSIT A C C OUNT S 1 .5M 29% of check deposit transactions thr ough QuickDeposit SM 29% QUICKDEPOSIT SM 1.5 million deposit ac c oun ts opened digitally 80 + % SELF- SER VICED 49M ACTIVE DIGIT AL CUS T OMERS 49 million ac tiv e digital customer s 33M ACTIVE MOBILE CUS T OMERS 33 million ac tiv e mobile customer s YOU INVES T DIGIT AL PL A TF ORM You In v est digital tr adin g plat f orm la unched 1 Includes employees and contractors Gordon Smith Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, JPMorgan Chase & Co., and CEO, Consumer & Community Banking 55 • #1 in overall customer satisfac- tion among national banks (J.D. Power) • #1 in primary bank relationships within our Chase footprint • The most frequently added new bank among small businesses that added another financial institution in the past year (Barlow Research)1 • Retail deposit volume growth at a rate more than twice the industry average since 2014 2018 HIGHLIGHTS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS • #1 most visited banking portal in the U.S. — chase.com • #1 U.S. credit card issuer • #1 U.S. co-brand credit card issuer • #1 in total U.S. credit and debit payments volume • Relief provided to customers affected by the California wild- fires and the federal government shutdown cover unexpected expenses, save for a home or invest. In January 2019, dur- ing National Savings Month, we intro- duced Auto Save, which allows our customers to set rules for how much to save based on milestones like receiving a paycheck or spending at a certain merchant. And every week, on average, we welcome 5,000 new cus- tomers to You Invest, our self-directed digital investing product. Owning a home We have made it simpler and faster for customers who want to work with us to buy their home. Our digitally enabled fulfillment process is more convenient than the paper process; it’s 20% faster, can be completed online from anywhere and allows customers to monitor their progress through the process. Customer satis- faction is at record highs, but there is still room to simplify and improve. Owning a car Of the 62 million households with whom we have a relationship, roughly 1 million of them will buy or lease a car with Chase each year. We think we can do better than that by making the experience easier and adding value to the process – for our customers and for our dealer and manufacturer partners. Growing businesses As a firm, JPMorgan Chase can do more to support businesses than just about any other financial services firm. From sole proprietors, family-, female- and minority-owned busi- nesses all the way to the largest global, multinational corporations, we help businesses manage the spectrum of needs, whether making day-to-day payments or financing growth. No matter the business, we are focused on ways to bring unique value to cus- tomers who do more business with us. For our customers who process pay- ments with Chase, we can offer same- day funding if they deposit those sales into a Chase Business Checking account. For a small business owner, same-day access to your sales can make a real difference. Closing I have never been more optimistic about our future. We are committed to making our business even better by serving more customers. The key to doing that is moving faster. We have made progress improving upon the pace we became accustomed to, but we still need to do better. Members of my leadership team and I traveled to China at the end of 2018, and we were impressed by the speed at which companies function. Those we visited are using machine learning to open accounts in seconds or pay out claims based on smart- phone images within hours. Seeing these capabilities only inspired us to move more quickly and push the boundaries of what we think we can accomplish for our customers and our shareholders. 1 1Q17-4Q18 data, small businesses with revenue $100,000 to $25 million such as Takeda’s $82 billion acquisi- tion of Shire, IBM’s $34 billion pur- chase of Red Hat and Walmart’s $16 billion acquisition of Flipkart, India’s largest online retailer. We ranked #1 in wallet share for both debt and equity capital markets and raised more than $475 billion for clients around the world. We led prominent initial public offerings (IPO), including for AXA Equitable Holdings, the largest U.S. insurance IPO since 2002, and for Siemens Healthineers, the largest healthcare IPO ever in EMEA2. As a result of our worldwide invest- ment banking work for clients, we generated $7.5 billion in fees and solidified our #1 standing in market share for the 10th consecutive year. In fact, amid heavy competition in a rel- atively healthy economic environ- ment, our share of global investment banking business stood at 8.7%, the highest of any bank since 2009. Despite volatile trading markets at the end of the year, we continued to be a leading provider of trading liquidity to institutional investors, reporting full-year Markets revenue of $19.6 bil- lion, up 6% from 2017. In Equities, we achieved record full-year revenue of $6.9 billion, up 21%. Our Cash Equi- ties, Equity Derivatives and Prime Finance businesses each gained market share, and each generated double-digit revenue growth during the year. The investments we have made in people and technology have led to stronger execution capabilities and significant growth in both client balances and volumes. Over the past five years, our Equities business has gained more wallet share than our top three competitors combined. Even with the fourth quarter’s turbu- lent markets, stronger performances during the year in areas such as Currencies & Emerging Markets and Commodities contributed to $12.7 billion of Fixed Income Markets revenue in 2018, nearly matching our 2017 result. Once again, we gained share as the industry wallet declined. In Treasury Services, we continued to outpace competitors, growing firmwide revenue to approximately $9 billion. Our performance was helped by higher interest rates and operating deposits, which have grown by 9% since 2016. Looking ahead, Treasury Services will benefit from our recent deci - sion to integrate its operations with Corporate & Investment Bank 2018 performance and backdrop The Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) had a record year in 2018, set- ting a new benchmark for earnings of $11.8 billion on $36.4 billion of revenue, resulting in a return on equity (ROE) of 16%. We are now 10 years removed from the financial crisis of 2008, when J.P. Morgan was a safe haven for clients in chaotic markets. We remain that safe haven while we drive the industry forward through innovation and technology. The standout performances of our businesses last year and over the past decade are the result of hard work, continuous investment and a belief that a complete, global offering helps clients meet their evolving financial objectives. As our clients grow in size and complexity, they require a finan- cial partner who can provide the financing solutions they need, wher- ever they need them and however they want them delivered. Last year was especially active for mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and equity markets. We advised on more than $1 trillion in announced M&A1 in 2018, including significant deals Strong Returns on Higher Capital3 ($ in billions) 1 Dealogic as of January 1, 2019 2 EMEA = Europe/Middle East/Africa 3 Reported results for 2014 and 2015 have been revised to reflect the adoption in 2018 of the new revenue recognition guidance 20182017201620152014 /UIstopRevenue /UIstopNet income $6.9 $34.7 $8.1 $33.7 $10.8 $35.3 $10.8 $34.7 $11.8 $36.4 Overhead ratio CIB ROE 10% 12% 16% 14% 16% Capital $61 $62 $64 $70 $70 67% 64% 54% 56% 57% 57 Chase Merchant Services, the largest merchant acquirer in the U.S. and Europe. Together, these businesses form the biggest wholesale payments network in the world, processing more than $6 trillion payments daily. It serves 1.6 million small business customers and more than 80% of Fortune 500 companies. By combin- ing units, we will be able to reduce legacy platform costs, accelerate the expansion of our merchant acquisi- tion business into Latin America and Asia Pacific, and continue to innovate across networks using blockchain technology. Securities Services continued to grow and transform in 2018 while benefiting from higher interest rates and client balances. The business took on an unprecedented amount of new client business while at the same time streamlining infrastruc- ture and upgrading systems. In addition to onboarding more than $1 trillion in assets from BlackRock, there were many other significant suc- cesses. New business wins globally have led to a growth in assets under custody of approximately $2.7 trillion since the start of 2017. Such mandates helped drive revenue up 8% in 2018 to $4.2 billion, while we maintained industry-leading operating margins and high client satisfaction scores. Although our overall results are impressive, it’s important for us to stay hungry and focused on our clients, anticipate changes and never lapse into complacency. We embrace disruption – even as the market leader – and continually invest in digital technologies to provide clients with data and insights when and where they want them. That focus has generated results for our shareholders, too. In addition to earning an industry-leading return on equity, our market share among the CIB’s largest competitors grew the most year-over-year, even after outpac- ing the group between 2014 and 2017, according to data from Coalition. We know that profitability stems from serving clients well, and the choices we are making today always start with the same two-part ques- tion: Is this the right thing to do for our clients and for the long term? The economic cycle From an economic perspective, fun- damental growth continues to sup- port the longest postwar expansion in history. Corporate earnings and balance sheets are healthy, U.S. unemployment is near record lows and we are not seeing signs of dete- riorating credit quality. That said, I believe we are closer to the end of the expansionary cycle than the beginning. My sense is that the market volatility in the fourth quarter of 2018 was partly due to fear among investors that the downturn was coming sooner than expected. Meanwhile, “flash crashes” are becoming more frequent. These are a function of a number of factors, including thinner liquidity across asset classes, fewer participants in the market and a growing percentage of automated trading volumes. We expect to see periods of volatility in the future, and we are committed to managing risk in a dynamic way no matter what market conditions we face. That requires us to be disci- plined and not overextend ourselves, trusting in our strengths and doing what is right. Around the world Investors always assess geopolitical risks, and 2018 provided no shortage of them. For our part, we constantly monitor and stress test our positions. We take a long-term view of client relationships and investments while maintaining discipline on underwrit- ing standards and risk concentrations across clients, countries and products. Potential opportunities in Asia Pacific, particularly China, remain significant. Last year, we announced major growth plans for China, including the appointment of a new country chief executive officer along with a formal application to Chinese regulators to establish a new, major- ity-owned securities company. In Europe, our attention remains on Brexit. Despite the uncertainty of the U.K.’s future relationship with the European Union, J.P. Morgan has been planning for the worst while hoping for the best. Regardless of Brexit’s ultimate consequences, J.P. Morgan will be able to serve clients in any scenario. We’re fortu- nate to have branches, offices and talented people across Europe, ensur- ing seamless client service before, during and after Brexit. F ir st to cr eate a blockchain-based pa ymen t information net w ork FIRS T BL OCK CHAIN-B ASED P A YMENT NET W ORK $6 trillion of wholesale pa ymen ts pr oc essed daily $6T WHOLESALE P A YMENT S T op Global R esear ch F irm # 1 $23.2 trillion clien t assets under custody $23.2T AS SET S UNDER CUS T OD Y F ir st U.S . bank with a digital c oin FIRS T U.S . B ANK WITH DIGIT AL C OIN First to oﬀer real-time payments in U.S. dollars, euros and British pounds sterling FIRS T T O OFFER REAL-TIME P A YMENT S #1 in global investment banking fees for the 10 th consecutive year #1 Advisor on more than $1 trillion of announced M&A transactions $1T OF M& A More than $475 billion raised for clients in the capital markets $475 +B OF CAPITAL #1 Global T r adin g House # 1 58 Technology We’ve learned the hard way that it is incredibly costly to lose a leadership position due to a failure to embrace change. Our firm was a leader in for- eign exchange in the late 1990s, but by resisting rather than embracing electronic trading, we lost market share. It took many years and mil- lions of dollars of investment to recapture our leadership – illustrating the crippling effect that short-term thinking can have on a business. That lesson is one of the many rea- sons we continue to reinvest such significant sums – now more than $11.5 billion per year – into technol- ogy across the firm. As electronification of the trading markets continues across asset classes, we are building sophisticated trading platforms, such as Algo Central, enabling clients to use pre- dictive analytics to tailor orders and even change the speed and execution style while the trade is live. In Securities Services, which safe- guards more than $23 trillion in client assets, we extended our Investment Analytics Platform to more than 200 large investor clients, giving them clearer insight into their own portfolios and helping them bet- ter manage the risks and concentra- tions associated with their positions. In wholesale payments, more than 180 international banks have signed on to be part of J.P. Morgan’s Inter- bank Information Network, which uses blockchain technology to instantly transfer global payment information among correspondent banks, allowing funds to reach ben- eficiaries faster and with fewer steps. We are also the first bank to offer real-time payments in U.S. dollars, euros and British pounds, and the first U.S. bank to create and test a digital coin for instantaneous cross- border payments using blockchain. In investment banking, we are using technology to empower bankers and strengthen connections with clients. With access to a wealth of informa- tion about M&A and the capital mar- kets, bankers can sit side by side with clients, review trends and evaluate timely capital raises or even model what might happen to their stock in an activist situation. Treasurers can view our top-ranked research, evalu- ate various financial metrics and cre- ate custom reports on an easy-to-use dashboard. This transparency only strengthens relationships and pro- vides even more value to companies that look to us for strategic advice. There is also a large opportunity to improve efficiencies internally using technology. About 40% of time in global operations is spent on servicing client accounts, including answering queries. As we develop systems to bet- ter direct those requests, we will spend less time searching for answers and more time responding to client needs. With our scale, global footprint and leadership, we have the ability to ana- lyze data and generate insights like no other financial services company in the world. We increasingly see our business as a platform to which cli- ents can connect for whatever finan- cial products and services they need. Most exciting, perhaps, is the innova- tive spirit surging through the bank. Last September, we kicked off a com- petition in which teams of analysts and associates across the CIB were invited to submit their best ideas for making the company faster, smarter and better. In a span of several weeks, the teams submitted 469 ideas, many of which we are already taking for- FIRST BLOCKCHAIN-BASED PAYMENT NETWORK $6T WHOLESALE PAYMENTS #1 Fixed Income Trading market share First to create a blockchain-based payment information network $6 trillion of wholesale payments processed daily Top Global Research Firm #1 #1 $23.2T ASSETS UNDER CUSTODY FIRST U.S. BANK WITH DIGITAL COIN FIRST TO OFFER REAL-TIME PAYMENTS $23.2 trillion client assets under custody First U.S. bank with a digital coin First to oﬀer real-time payments in U.S. dollars, euros and British pounds Co #1 Equity Trading market share #1 Daniel E. Pinto Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, JPMorgan Chase & Co., and CEO, Corporate & Investment Bank 59 ward with funding. The competition showcased the amazing talent emerg- ing within the organization and fueled optimism about our bank’s future. Communities and partnerships Being part of a firm that has four best-in-class franchises is extraordi- nary. The talent and resources we can mobilize for a client, a govern- ment, an industry or a new market are unmatched. Our work in Detroit is well-known: We have partnered with local officials and organizations, investing $150 million in the city’s economic recovery. This effort goes beyond a financial commitment. Through the JPMorgan Chase Ser- vice Corps, teams of our colleagues are working on-site at local nonprofit partners to solve specific challenges. I’m proud to say that the firm is extending its resources to other cities and communities, such as Greater Paris and Chicago. As a global bank with clients and employees around the world, we believe we can add value by partnering with local governments and organizations to expand access to jobs and skills for young people and adults and help regional businesses grow. We are also working with colleagues across the bank to support different segments of the economy. The CIB’s integration with Chase Merchant Ser- vices is aimed at making international payments seamless for both consum- ers and e-commerce companies. Simi- larly, being able to offer best-in-class advice and capital markets expertise to 19,000 midsized companies on Commercial Banking’s roster helped yield $2.5 billion of North America investment banking revenue during 2018 – a record. Our bankers are plan- ning to gradually extend efforts to midsized companies in Europe and Latin America as well. We’re also working with the Private Bank to expand our coverage of family offices across the U.S. and around the world. Conclusion We have worked hard over many years to earn our place as an indus- try leader – in market share, financial strength and reputation. As we trans- form our business for the future, we will build on our legacy of success by taking advantage of strategic growth opportunities while maintaining day- to-day discipline. Our experienced and talented CIB leadership team, bolstered by the next generation of vibrant, energetic employees, is pro- pelling our company to the forefront of digital banking and is positioning us to serve our clients with the inno- vative, effective financial strategies they will need in the years to come. 2018 HIGHLIGHTS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS • The CIB had earnings of $11.8 billion on $36.4 billion of revenue, produc- ing a best-in-class ROE of 16%. • J.P. Morgan ranked #1 in global investment banking fees for the 10th consecutive year, ending 2018 with an 8.7% market share, the highest share of any bank since 2009. • J.P. Morgan ranked #1 in wallet share for both debt and equity capi- tal markets, raising more than $475 billion for clients around the world. • J.P. Morgan advised on 10 of the top 20 M&A transactions in 2018 and generated a full-year record in M&A revenue. • J.P. Morgan ranked as the #1 Global Research Firm in Institu- tional Investor magazine’s annual investor survey. We also ranked #1 in both All-America and All- Europe Fixed Income, #1 in All- America Equity Research, and #2 in All-Europe Equity Research and Latin America Research. • Overall Markets revenue of $19.6 billion was up 6%, led by record revenue in Equities trading, which was up 21%. • Firmwide revenue in Treasury Services grew to nearly $9 billion in 2018. Our decision to integrate the business with our Merchant Services offering now provides clients with access to the largest wholesale payments network in the world. • With $23.2 trillion in assets under custody, our Securities Services business continued to win more client mandates across the globe, helping to drive rev - enue up 8% in 2018. • More than 180 international banks have signed on to be part of J.P. Morgan’s Interbank Informa- tion Network, which uses block- chain technology to instantly transfer global payment informa- tion among correspondent banks. 60 solid foundation for continued organic growth. • In 2008, we acquired our Commer- cial Term Lending (CTL) franchise from Washington Mutual. Since then, CTL has become the #1 multi- family lender in the U.S., as we have made significant investments to better serve our clients. I’m incredibly proud of how our team is executing and the market leadership positions we’ve estab- lished. You can see the outcome of this hard work and discipline in our performance – over the past decade, we’ve added high-quality loans and deposits, nearly doubled revenue and tripled net income. While we’re pleased with these results, we are not standing still. We see enormous potential for our fran- chise and are building for the next 10 years and beyond. In this letter, I share highlights from our 2018 performance, the progress we are making on our strategic priorities and the investments underway that will drive continued success for our clients and CB. Record performance in 2018 In 2018, CB delivered outstanding financial results. We generated record revenue of $9.1 billion, up 5% year- over-year, and net income grew 20% to a record $4.2 billion. We have remained highly selective in growing our loan portfolio, and our net charge- offs were just 3 basis points for the year. Our continued credit, expense and capital discipline led to an industry- leading overhead ratio of 37% and a strong return on equity of 20%. Clients are at the center of everything we do, and we’re delivering meaning- ful advice, solutions and capital to help them succeed. In 2018, we hired more than 150 new bankers and made nearly 30,000 more client calls. Through these efforts, we added over 1,200 new relationships, grew loans by $7.4 billion across our business and ended the year with $206 billion in average loan balances. Being able to deliver our leading investment banking capabilities locally separates us from our compet- itors. Our partnership with the Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is outstanding and allows us to deepen our strategic dialogue with clients. Even while investment banking activ- ity is market dependent, we have grown revenue every year since the JPMorgan Chase/Bank One merger in 2004. 2018 was no exception, as we generated a record $2.5 billion in Investment Banking (IB) revenue, accounting for 39% of CIB’s North America investment banking fees. Growing our client franchise Across all of our businesses, we have a tremendous opportunity to add more great clients and deepen those relationships over time. Since launch- ing our Middle Market expansion efforts, we are local and active in 39 new metropolitan statistical areas Commercial Banking In Commercial Banking (CB), we continue to execute our long-term, disciplined strategy, focused on help- ing our clients succeed and making a positive difference in our communi- ties. Across our business, we have been steadily investing to deliver more value to our clients. I’m excited about what we’ve accomplished so far and the tremendous opportunity ahead of us. As you consider the future for CB, it’s useful to reflect on our progress over the last decade: • This 10-year perspective provides a through-the-cycle lens, which is the best way to measure the outcome of our efforts, as well as the tremen- dous potential for CB. At every step along the way, we have been build- ing with patience, selecting the best clients and maintaining our fortress principles. • During this time, we commenced our Middle Market expansion efforts, focusing on delivering our broad-based capabilities to more clients across the U.S. To date, we have opened 67 new locations, added 650 new bankers and set a 1 Deposits herein represent average client deposits and other third-party liabilities CAGR = Compound annual growth rate 7%$4.8 $9.1 Revenue 11%$1.4 $4.2 Net income 10%$82 $206 Average loans $171 5%$103 Average deposits1 2008 2018 10-year CAGR Ten-Year Retrospective — Consistent Investment and Disciplined Growth ($ in billions) 61 and have added close to 2,800 new clients. When we move into a new market, we are truly engaged in our communities and deliver the full power and platform of our entire firm. Client by client, banker by banker, we have organically created a nice-sized bank from scratch, build- ing a $15 billion loan portfolio and an $11 billion deposit franchise. The foundational investments we make upfront, essentially our operating infrastructure, are meaningful and are now largely in place. As our pres- ence matures, these newer markets will drive revenue growth, margins and returns for many years to come. The growth potential for our Middle Market business isn’t limited to our expansion markets. Through data- driven analysis, we’ve identified and prioritized 38,000 prospective clients nationally. Some of our most excit - ing opportunities are within our leg - acy markets, such as New York, Chi- cago, Dallas and Houston, where we have been for over a century. Overall, we now have banking teams in 116 locations across the U.S. These markets account for roughly 70% of the country’s gross domestic product, and our success will continue to be driven by our exceptional teams, our comprehensive capabilities delivered locally and CB’s ability to grow with clients over time. Positioning for long-term success in Commercial Real Estate Our Commercial Real Estate (CRE) businesses are designed to thrive through the cycle, and growth has been highly selective and disciplined. We are pleased with our performance in 2018, generating loan growth of 4% and $24 billion in loan originations. As we move into 2019, we will con- tinue to target cycle-resistant seg- ments and asset classes, watch market conditions closely and maintain our strict underwriting criteria. By staying true to these fundamentals, we believe we can thoughtfully continue to grow our CRE loan portfolio. Enhancing our capabilities to deliver more value Recognizing that clients are in vari - ous stages of development and in different industries, we know they have unique needs and priorities. We also know that expectations are shifting and that we need to contin - ually raise the bar to deliver more value. As such, CB has dedicated, client-focused design teams working to integrate, simplify and create new functionality. These teams are developing exciting new capabilities that will deliver powerful solutions while substantially improving the overall client experience. We are making significant invest- ments in our digital and payments capabilities, and this work is critical to our value proposition. It will enable our clients to connect with us in the simplest way possible, whether through application pro- gramming interfaces or an open banking solution, and allow clients to accept and collect payments from anywhere in the world, in any cur- rency. Finally, our ability to deliver real-time data and insights will help clients optimize and simplify their operations. The value we deliver through these capabilities allows us to build incredibly close client rela- tionships and is the foundation for gathering and retaining long-term, stable operating deposits. Similarly, we are transforming how we provide credit to our clients. As an example, in CTL, speed and cer- tainty of execution are critical. To address this, we developed our pro- prietary loan origination platform, CREOS. Today, we use CREOS to pro- cess 100% of our CTL volume and are seeing terrific results with more than 40% of our loans closing in less than 30 days. This platform allows our clients to focus on running their business and lets us deliver a supe- rior client experience rather than compete on pricing, terms and credit. Prospect density1 MMBSI footprint 1 Size of circle indicates relative number of prospects in a given city MMBSI = Middle Market Banking and Specialized Industries Middle Market Banking and Specialized Industries — Market Opportunity Douglas B. Petno CEO, Commercial Banking 62 2018 HIGHLIGHTS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS Making a positive difference in the communities we serve In CB, we embrace our obligation to be a positive force in our communi- ties and are well-positioned to sup- port the firm’s commitment to mak- ing a difference. In 2018, we financed the development of more than 20,000 housing units for low-income individ- uals, and, notably, our Community Development Banking team provided $188 million in capital to the nation’s largest Community Development Financial Institutions. In addition, CB supported local businesses, states and municipalities, school districts, non- profits and higher education institu- tions with over $56 billion in capital to help them deliver their critical services. Equally important to serving our communities, last year CB employees volunteered more than 20,000 hours at local organizations. Looking forward I hope you can see why I’m incredibly proud of our franchise and excited about the opportunities ahead. CB’s performance over the last 10 years has set the standard for us going forward. We have an exceptional team, outstanding capabilities and enormous market opportunities. We believe we are well-prepared for whatever market conditions are ahead, and the investments we are making today will drive success for decades to come. All of this comes down to our cli - ents. We are grateful for our long- standing relationships and appreci - ate the trust and confidence they place in JPMorgan Chase. I also want to thank the entire CB team for mak- ing our business better every day and their ongoing commitment to serving clients. • Community Development Banking — Provided over $1.5 billion in capital for affordable housing properties and supported the firm’s Advancing- Cities initiative with banking and community engagement expertise Firmwide contribution • Commercial Banking clients accounted for 39%5 of total North America investment banking fees • Over $145 billion in assets under management from Commercial Banking clients, generating approxi- mately $500 million in investment management revenue • $513 million in Card Services revenue4 • $4.1 billion in Treasury Services revenue Progress in key growth areas • Middle Market expansion — Record revenue of $649 million; 17% CAGR since 2013 Performance highlights • Delivered record revenue of $9.1 billion and record earnings of $4.2 billion • Generated return on equity of 20% on $20 billion of allocated capital • Continued superior credit quality — net charge-off ratio of 0.03% • Delivered an industry-leading overhead ratio of 37% Leadership positions • #1 U.S. multifamily lender1 • #1 Traditional Middle Market Bookrunner2 • Winner of Greenwich Best Brand Awards in Middle Market Banking — Overall, Loans and Lines of Credit, Cash Management, Inter- national Products and Services3 Business segment highlights • Middle Market Banking — Record gross Investment Banking revenue4; added five new offices • Corporate Client Banking — Record revenue, with strong investment banking growth and record average loans • Commercial Term Lending — Completed rollout of new CREOS platform across the business, resulting in more than 40% of new loans originated with normalized controllable cycle times of less than 30 days • Real Estate Banking — Record net income, with revenue up 13% from 2017 • Investment banking — Record gross revenue of $2.5 billion5; 8% CAGR since 2013 • International banking — Revenue6 of $400 million; 10% CAGR since 2013 1 Rank based on S&P Global Market Intelligence as of December 31, 2018 2 Refinitiv LPC, FY18 3 Greenwich Associates Commercial Banking Study, 2018 4 Investment Banking and Card Services revenue represents gross revenue generated by CB clients 5 Represents the percentage and amount of CIB’s North America investment banking fees generated by CB clients, excluding fees from fixed income and equity markets, which is included in CB gross IB revenue 6 Non-U.S. revenue from U.S. multinational clients CAGR = Compound annual growth rate 63 that is still available today – our J.P. Morgan culture has remained committed each and every day to delivering to clients the strongest risk-adjusted investment returns we can uncover in the markets. Strong investment performance 2018 marked another impressive year in investment performance ver- sus our competitors, with more than 83% of our mutual fund assets under management (AUM) around the world outperforming the peer median over the 10-year period. In 2018, we were recognized by Morningstar with five important rat- ings upgrades, representing almost $70 billion in client assets. Smart- Retirement was upgraded to Gold, making it the only active target date manager in the industry with a Gold rating. Global Allocation, Small Cap Equity and Growth & Income all were upgraded to Silver. Core Plus Bond was upgraded to Bronze. Our impressive investment perfor- mance attracted $25 billion of net new asset flows in 2018, marking our 10th consecutive year of net long- term inflows and bringing the total assets entrusted to us to $2.7 trillion. In 2018, we marked the 10-year anni- versary of the global financial crisis, emanating from the U.S., that shocked financial markets all around the world. Investors with the forti- tude to remain steadfast on their long-term investing journey and withstand the tremendous volatility have been highly rewarded. But for many others in the decade since 2008, it has been difficult to endure the severe drawdowns and even more challenging to ever fully re-risk. 2018 didn’t enhance confidence in markets either – for the first time in this century, cash was the only major publicly traded U.S. asset class to gen- erate a positive return for investors. Fiduciaries since 1881 Reflecting over the past decade, I am proud of how our teams have helped clients – from those with a small savings account to the world’s largest pension and sovereign wealth funds – navigate this volatile period. As stewards of wealth, we measure suc- cess by our ability to drive positive client outcomes over time, and we recognize the responsibility and privilege that come with serving as a fiduciary. Since launching our first investment product in 1881 – one Asset & Wealth Management 2018 % of J.P. Morgan Asset Management Long-Term Mutual Fund AUM Outperforming Peer Median over 10 years1 (net of fees) 1 For footnoted information, refer to slide 16 in the 2019 Asset & Wealth Management Investor Day presentation, which is available at jpmorganchase.com/corporate/investor-relations/event-calendar.htm AUM = Assets under management 83% 93% 59% 85% 83% 93% 59% 85% 83% 93% 59% 85% Upgraded to Gold, ranked top quintile over 10 years SMART RETIREMENT Upgraded to Silver, ranked top decile over 5, 10 & 15 years Upgraded to Bronze, ranked top quartile over 5 & 10 years Created by Fahmi from the Noun Project Upgraded to Silver, ranked top quintile over 5 & 10 years Upgraded to Silver, ranked top decile over 5 years 83% 93% 59% 85% Multi-Asset Solutions & AlternativesFixed IncomeEquityTotal J.P. Morgan Asset Management 64 Importantly, our flows are not concen- trated in any one asset class, region or channel but come from a well- diversified set of global businesses. Consistent financial performance When we focus on client outcomes, our own financial success follows. Record revenue of $14.1 billion and record net income of $2.9 billion enabled us to deliver a healthy 31% return on equity for our share- holders. As we continue to invest in the business for the future, our deeply embedded culture of risk management allowed us to do so while holding our net charge-off ratio to a very low 0.01%. Top talent Top talent is our single most impor- tant asset. We consistently attract, train and cultivate many of the top investment managers and advisors in our industry, proudly retaining more than 95% of our top talent over the last several years. In the Wealth Management space, we continue to broaden our coverage and are approaching nearly 6,500 advisors, located all around the world and close to where our clients need us most. We will continue to expand our footprint across the U.S. and other high- growth areas such as China, where we can import our firm’s expertise, as well as welcome new local talent into the J.P. Morgan family. Product innovation To help ensure we continue provid- ing our clients with the solutions they need today and into the future, we are laser focused on innovating new products every- where we do business. There’s nothing we can’t achieve when we put the resources of this firm behind an initiative, and these are only a few examples: • Beta/ETFs: Just two years ago, we started building our Beta busi - ness. Today, we offer beta capabil - ities and exchange-traded funds (ETF) ranging from active to strategic beta and passive, with $43 billion in AUM. In 2018, our U.S. ETF business ranked #4 in industry flows, competing head to head with firms that have long led the rankings and were consid - ered unassailable. • You Invest: Launched in 2018, You Invest has transformed the land- scape for our retail clients. The easy-to-navigate user interface and the ability to access investments on the go have attracted a new genera- tion of clients, 89% of whom are first-time investors with Chase. And that’s only the beginning – later this year, we’ll be rolling out our digital advice platform called You Invest Portfolios. JPMorgan Chase Total Client Asset Flows: 2014-20181 1 For footnoted information, refer to slide 17 in the 2019 Asset & Wealth Management Investor Day presentation, which is available at jpmorganchase.com/corporate/investor-relations/event-calendar.htm AUM = Assets under management AUS = Assets under supervision 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 ASSET CLASS/PRODUCT Assets= AUM+AUS AUM Fixed Income      Equity      Multi-Asset      Alternatives      Liquidity      AUS Brokerage      Custody      Deposits      CHANNEL Assets Wealth Management      Retail      Institutional      REGION Assets U.S.      LatAm      EMEA      Asia      ≥$0 <$0 Mary Callahan Erdoes CEO, Asset & Wealth Management 65 Business highlights • 10 th consecutive year of net long-term inflows • Record revenue of $14.1 billion • Record net income of $2.9 billion • Record average loan balances of $139 billion • Record average mortgage balances of $41.5 billion • More than 83% of our long- term mutual fund AUM outperformed the peer median over the 10-year period • Retention rate of over 95% for top talent 2018 HIGHLIGHTS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS Leadership positions • Best Global Provider of Short-Term Investments/ Money Market Funds (Global Finance, March 2019) • Best Tech Innovation in Data Globally (The Banker, August 2018) • North America Asset Manager of the Year (Reactions, November 2018) • Asset Manager of the Year for Asia (AsianInvestor, June 2018) • Leading Pan-European Fund Management Firm (Thomson Reuters/Extel, June 2018) • Retirement Leader of the Year (Fund Action, June 2018) • ETF Issuer of the Year (ETF.com, March 2019) • Best Private Bank for Research & Asset Allocation Globally (Euromoney, February 2019) • Best Private Bank for Ultra-High-Net-Worth Globally (FT/PWM magazine, November 2018) • Digital everything: Our ability to connect with clients – however, wherever and whenever they need us – is paramount to our future success. Our goal is to deliver J.P. Morgan’s expertise 24/7, world- wide. One example of a recent application we launched is Digital Portfolio Insights. This cutting-edge tool allows external financial advi- sors to access J.P. Morgan’s propri- etary risk management analytics to generate sophisticated and customized insights. In 2018, these advisors used the tool to help them build better portfolios for over 20,000 of their clients. Simplify for growth Our ability to innovate and to sustain our growth requires us to have rigor- ous discipline around business simpli- fication. Over the past few years, we have merged or closed 229 funds while launching 125 new products; we have closed 21 front office locations in order to open 17 new state-of-the-art facilities; and we have decommis- sioned nearly 230 legacy system tools while delivering almost 280 modern technology applications straight to our clients and advisors. Our relent- less focus on product and system optimization and continuous empha- sis on cutting waste allow us to con- tinuously reinvest in our future. Fortitude In this time of rapid change and competition, we are fortunate to be part of the broader JPMorgan Chase organization, where we all constantly challenge one another to use our expertise, scale and invaluable client base to continuously reimagine the future of how we serve our clients. We have a proud legacy of doing first-class business in a first-class way, and we have extended that promise to institutions, central banks, sover- eign wealth funds and individuals. It’s our history and our expertise that give us the fortitude and vision to help our clients thrive in today’s evolving market. No matter the speed or scale of change, our funda- mental mission remains the same: We are relentlessly focused on driving toward the best client out- comes, and we believe that focus is the engine of our continued success. I couldn’t be more proud of what we have delivered for our clients and our shareholders, and I have never been more excited for what is to come. Peter L. Scher Head of Corporate Responsibility and Chairman of the Mid-Atlantic Region 66 66 Corporate Responsibility In an era characterized by deep social divisions and widening eco- nomic disparity all over the world, companies like ours have a responsi- bility to be leaders in finding solu- tions. This is not simply about being a good corporate citizen; it is a busi- ness imperative. The success of our firm is inextricably linked to the success of our communities. Many of today’s challenges stem from the reality that, despite a grow- ing economy, people are working age our firm’s expertise: building job skills, expanding small businesses, revitalizing neighborhoods and promoting financial health. Over the last five years, we have refined this model in Detroit, where we made a $150 million commitment to the city’s economic recovery. The results have exceeded our expecta- tions. People are moving back. The unemployment rate is down from 20% in 2013 to less than 9% today. For the first time in 17 years, home These efforts underscore the degree to which our mission to drive inclu- sive growth has become a fundamen- tal tenet of our culture. Through our market expansion, kicked off in 2018, we are bringing the full force of our firm to advance this mission. We are opening 400 new Chase branches, enabling us to lend to more custom- ers, offer more good jobs and further invest in neighborhoods. The first of these branches are now open in Boston, Philadelphia and Washing- ton, D.C., where we are pairing them with expanded lending and philan- thropic commitments, focused in low- and moderate-income areas. And we are actively working to hire locally while raising wages for our entry-level employees. Opening doors to opportunity transforms lives, lifts entire com - munities and strengthens the global economy. It is also the best way to repair the societal fractures that increasingly divide us – and that’s the right thing to do for our firm and for our shareholders. Business has an obligation and a vested interest in ensuring our system delivers on its unrivaled potential to create widely shared economic opportunity. “ ” harder but are unable to get ahead. The average American family has seen its net worth move backward over a generation. Meanwhile, for every $100 in white family wealth today, black families hold just about $5. For far too many people, the system is not working. Business has an obligation and a vested interest in ensuring our system delivers on its unrivaled potential to create widely shared economic opportunity. That’s why JPMorgan Chase is applying the same capabilities and resources that enable us to deliver Return on Invest- ment for our shareholders to generate what we call ‘Return on Community.’ This means we are making inten- tional, long-term investments aimed at lifting those who are being left behind, focused where we can lever- values have risen and mortgage lending is up. While much work remains to be done, there is a sense of optimism once again, particularly among young people who now see a future for themselves in their city. In 2018, we took a major step to expand the number of people and places we reach by launching AdvancingCities, our firm’s $500 million initiative to drive inclusive growth around the world. While many cities are experiencing grow- ing economies, vibrant downtown cores often obscure large pockets of concentrated poverty. At the same time, cities offer the opportunity to drive large-scale innovation and impact. Through AdvancingCities, we are combining our business and philanthropic resources to do exactly that. 67 67 Generating Return on Community JPMorgan Chase believes that companies must do even more to help solve today’s biggest challenges and create economic opportunity for more people. To do so, they must invest in communities the same way they invest in their own businesses. As announced in early 2018, our firm will deploy $1.75 billion by 2023 to drive inclusive growth in communities around the world. Generating Return on Community is one of our core objectives because we know that the future of our company depends on the well-being of our communities. To create and sustain lasting positive change, JPMorgan Chase is investing in four key drivers of opportunity, areas that are aligned with our business expertise: jobs and skills, small busi- ness expansion, neighborhood revitalization and financial health. We are putting this model into action through significant, long-term and data-driven investments that leverage our firm’s expertise, capital, data, technology and global presence. AdvancingCities — Expanding opportunity at scale Our model for impact has yielded real results so we are doubling down on our commitment to drive inclusive growth and expanding the num- ber of people and places we reach. JPMorgan Chase launched AdvancingCities — our largest, most comprehensive corporate responsibility ini- tiative to date to invest in solutions that bolster the world’s cities and the people within them. This initiative will allow us to deepen our work in cities in two ways: through targeted commit- ments in key markets where the conditions exist for large-scale investments and through an annual Challenge that will accelerate collab- orative, innovative solutions designed by local leaders and residents to break down barriers to opportunity. To catalyze sustainable growth, we are combin- ing our firm’s philanthropic efforts with our lending and investing expertise to deploy up to $250 million as low-cost, long-term loan capital. We expect our investment to attract an additional $1 billion in outside capital. In 2018, marking our 150 th anniversary in France, JPMorgan Chase announced its first AdvancingCities commitment — a $30 million, five-year philanthropic investment to provide underserved residents and local entrepreneurs across Greater Paris access to economic opportunity. Unlocking the power of data for public good We are harnessing our scale and scope to shed light on the inner workings of today’s global economy. The JPMorgan Chase Institute seeks to help decision makers — policymakers, busi - nesses and nonprofit leaders — use timely data and thoughtful analyses to make informed decisions that advance inclusive growth around the world. Drawing on our firm’s unique propri- etary data, expertise and market access, the Institute develops analyses and insights on the inner workings of the global economy, frames critical problems, and convenes stakeholders and leading thinkers around solutions. Our firm’s data informs all of our strategic invest- ments in communities around the world. In 2018, the Institute shared valuable analyses and insights on: • Local commerce activity, leveraging 4 billion credit and debit card transactions from nearly 7.7 million customers to provide an unprecedented view of the online U.S. econ- omy, examining how online commerce has grown, who has driven that growth, and how it has impacted brick-and-mortar merchants; • Families’ out-of-pocket healthcare spending trends from 2014 to 2017; • Growth and evolution of the Online Platform Economy, exploring its scale, key segments, characteristics and how earnings from plat- forms figure into family income; • Challenges, opportunities and life cycles of America’s small businesses by analyzing revenue and cash flows of 1.3 million small businesses; • Institutional investor trading behavior in foreign exchange markets around three events that led to the largest one-day moves in the relevant currencies in the last 20 years: Brexit, the 2016 U.S. presidential elec- tion and the decision by the Swiss National Bank to remove the Swiss franc floor; and • Americans’ tax refunds by income and other demographic characteristics, as well as the impact of tax refunds on healthcare spending. Building branches, strengthening our communities As we expand our consumer business, we are also increasing our philanthropic commitment to our communities. For example, in 2018, we announced plans to open 70 new branches in the Greater Washington region and hire 700 new employees, the first major branch expan- sion as part of our firm’s $20 billion, five-year investment in our business and local economic growth. To fuel the economy of this region, we committed $4 billion in lending for home mort- gages and small business and $500 million to support affordable housing. In addition, roughly 20% of our branches in the region will reside in low- and moderate-income communi- ties. We also doubled our philanthropic invest- ment, committing $25 million to create eco- nomic opportunity for residents at risk of being left behind in today’s economy. One such investment is the $6 million we com- mitted in 2018 to prepare Greater Washington area students for local, in-demand technology jobs. As an employer, we hear from so many of our clients and employers about their struggle to find workers with the right skills. In 2017, only 3,000 individuals obtained associate degrees and other sub-baccalaureate creden- tials in digital skills and technology, while there were 15,000 jobs that needed those credentials in the region. Demand for tech workers with less than a four-year degree increased by 42% in the region between 2014 and 2017. As part of our firm’s global New Skills for Youth initiative, our investment will support five school districts in Virginia, Washington, D.C., and Maryland and enable them to partner with local colleges and universities to build career pathways for students that lead to well-paying technology jobs. 68 68 2018 HIGHLIGHTS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS Awards and recognition • Ranked Top 10 on Fortune magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies list • Named to Fortune magazine’s Change the World list for the second year in a row • Named to The Chronicle of Philanthropy’s Top 20 Corporate Givers list • Named recipient of the International Medical Corps’ Global Citizen Award • Harvard Business School (in a 2018 case study) profiled the firm’s model for impact in Detroit and how it’s being applied in other cities • Named to the Military Times’ Best for Vets Employers list • Named an ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year, recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Department of Energy • Named to Black Enterprise’s 50 Best Companies for Diversity list Accomplishments Generating Return on Community through our comprehensive, multimillion-dollar commit- ments to Detroit, Chicago and the Greater Washington region: • Detroit: Five years into our $150 million commitment: — 13,573 people participated in workforce programs; 1,632 units of affordable hous- ing were created or preserved; 13,180 people received services to improve their financial health; 2,067 jobs were created or retained; 4,387 small businesses received capital or technical assistance • Chicago’s South and West sides: One year into our $40 million commitment: — 2,857 people participated in workforce programs; 176 units of housing were created or preserved; 5,341 people received services to improve their finan- cial health; 1,246 jobs were created or retained; and 1,319 small businesses received capital or technical assistance • Greater Washington region: One year into our $25 million commitment: — 590 units of affordable housing were cre- ated or preserved; 312 jobs were created or retained; 722 small businesses received capital or technical assistance • Through New Skills at Work, over the past five years, we have helped nearly 150,000 people receive skills training for well-paying jobs in growing industries by partnering with about 740 nonprofits, investing $250 million in job training and career education initia- tives in 37 countries, as well as 30 U.S. states and Washington, D.C. • Through our global commitment to promote financial health: — An nounced eight financial services inno- vators as winners of the Financial Solu- tions Lab (FinLab) 2018 Challenge, focused on improving consumer financial health in the U.S. To date, FinLab has supported more than 30 innovative finan- cial technology (fintech) companies that have raised over $500 million in capital since joining the program, saving U.S. residents more than $1 billion. — Launched the Financial Inclusion Lab in India, applying insights from the Lab in the U.S. to help scale early-stage fintech startups that are focused on helping India’s underserved communities. • Expanded the Entrepreneurs of Color Fund (EOCF) from Detroit to Chicago, the South Bronx and the Bay Area, providing minority entrepreneurs with access to capital, educa- tion and other resources to build and grow their businesses. Through 2018, JPMorgan Chase has committed $13.6 million through EOCF, resulting in 210 loans totaling $9.5 million that created or retained 1,200 jobs. • To date, hosted five Partnerships for Raising Opportunity in Neighborhoods (PRO Neigh- borhoods) competitions, awarding more than $98 million to over 70 Community Development Financial Institutions across the U.S. After our $68 million commitment, the winners of the first three competitions raised an additional $713 million in outside capital, issued over 21,000 loans to low- and moderate-income customers, and created or preserved more than 3,000 affordable hous- ing units and 11,000 quality jobs. • In 2018, provided $3.2 billion for wind and solar projects in the U.S. Since 2003, JPMorgan Chase has committed or arranged more than $21 billion in financing for wind, solar and geothermal projects in the U.S. • Awarded our 1,000th mortgage-free home to a U.S. military veteran, reaching all five branches of service in communities across 44 states. • Engaged our employees to serve our communities: — Nearly 59,000 employees volunteered more than 389,000 hours in 2018. This includes 218 employee volunteers from offices in 15 countries who contributed 18,500 hours working on-site with 49 of our nonprofit partners through the JPMorgan Chase Service Corps. — Within the first three months of the firm’s Board Match program — which doubles the impact of eligible employees’ dona- tions to nonprofits on whose boards they serve — 271 employees contributed, resulting in the firm matching more than $1.3 million to those organizations. — In 2018, our firm and employees donated more than $4 million to assist disaster relief efforts around the globe.