 Connect to a satellite with your Apple Watch Ultra 3 - Apple Support Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV &amp; Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0 + Connect to a satellite with your Apple Watch Ultra 3 With Apple Watch Ultra 3, you can connect your watch to a satellite to text emergency services, message friends and family, and share your location &mdash; all while you're off the grid with no cellular and Wi-Fi coverage. Satellite features on Apple Watch Ultra 3 Availability of Apple satellite features on Apple Watch Ultra 3 depends on your country or region. You can learn more about Apple satellite features, including their requirements and availability, here: Emergency SOS via satellite connects you to emergency responders Messages via satellite lets you message friends and family right from the Messages app Send Location via satellite lets you update your location in Find My Satellite network for Apple satellite features provided by Globalstar, Inc. and its affiliates or third-party network providers. Satellite connectivity for Apple satellite features isn't offered on Apple Watch Ultra 3 purchased in Armenia, Belarus, China mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, and Russia. How satellite connection works on Apple Watch Ultra 3 Satellites move rapidly, have low bandwidth, and are located hundreds of miles away from Earth. So, when you use a satellite connection, the experience is different than sending or receiving a message via cellular: In ideal conditions with a direct view of the sky and the horizon, a message might take 30 seconds to send. It might take over a minute to send under trees with light or medium foliage. If you're under heavy foliage or surrounded by other obstructions, you might not be able to connect to a satellite. If your Apple Watch Ultra 3 is wet, its ability to connect to satellites might be impacted. Connection times can also be impacted by your surroundings, the length of your message, and the status and availability of the satellite network. Emergency SOS, Find My, and Messages via satellite are included for free for two years with the activation of Apple Watch Ultra 3. Find My and Messages via satellite require a carrier plan. Connect to a satellite with your Apple Watch Ultra 3 First, make sure to set up&nbsp;your Apple Watch Ultra 3 before you go off-grid. Satellite features might take some time to activate after you first set up your watch. Next, for easy access to satellite features, add the satellite control to Control Center and add the satellite complication to your watch face . When you&rsquo;re off the grid without cellular and Wi-Fi coverage, the satellite icon at the top of your Apple Watch Ultra 3 screen lets you know that satellite features are available at your location. On your watch face or in Control Center, tap the satellite icon , then choose a satellite feature. Follow the onscreen instructions to connect to a satellite. Tips for connecting to a satellite Be outside with a clear view of the sky and the horizon. Be aware that trees with light foliage might slow down the connection. Dense foliage, hills or mountains, canyons, and tall structures might block the connection. Wear your Apple Watch Ultra 3 naturally on your wrist. You don't need to raise your arm or hold your watch up. If you need to turn left or right or move to avoid a blocked signal, your watch provides onscreen instructions. Satellite connectivity might not work in places above 62&deg; latitude, such as northern parts of Alaska. Satellite features aren&rsquo;t available on your Apple Watch Ultra 3 if your iPhone is nearby and in Airplane mode. Connection and response times might vary based on location, environmental conditions, and other factors. Wi-Fi, cellular, and Bluetooth connectivity can be impacted when connected to a satellite. Try the Satellite Connection Demo To learn how to connect to a satellite on your Apple Watch Ultra 3, try the demo. Go outside and make sure you're on relatively open terrain, with a clear view of the sky. Trees with light foliage might slow down the connection and dense foliage might block it. Hills or mountains, canyons, and tall structures can also block the connection. If you don't have Location Services turned on for Satellite Connection, you're prompted to turn it on before you start the demo. If you added satellite to Control Center, press the side button to open Control Center, tap the satellite icon , then tap Try Demo. If you added a satellite complication to your watch face, tap the satellite icon on your watch face, then tap Try Demo. Or you can open the Settings app, tap SOS, then tap Try Demo. To use the demo, you need to be in a country or region where that satellite feature is available. The Emergency SOS via satellite demo does not call emergency services. Satellite features and privacy When you text with Emergency SOS via satellite, your messages are sent in encrypted form, and decrypted by Apple to be passed along to the relevant emergency services dispatcher, or the emergency relay center. Your messages may be retained by emergency service centers and the relay provider to improve their services, and in compliance with applicable laws. In order to route your text messages to a local emergency services organization, and to assist responders in reaching you, your location will be shared with Apple and the relay providers when you use Emergency SOS via satellite. When you use Messages via satellite, your iMessages are end-to-end encrypted, so that nobody other than you and the person that you're messaging with can read them while they're in transit between devices. When you share your location via satellite in the Find My app, your location is sent in an end-to-end encrypted form and can't be accessed by Apple. At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple&rsquo;s Privacy Policy . Published Date: &nbsp; September 25, 2025 Helpful? Yes No Character limit: 250 Maximum character limit is 250. Please don’t include any personal information in your comment. Submit Thanks for your feedback. Apple Footer  Apple Support Connect to a satellite with your Apple Watch Ultra 3 United States Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Site Map