Releases - Petrobras Este site depende de JavaScript para funcionar corretamente. Por favor, habilite o JavaScript nas configurações do seu navegador. --> Ative o javascript para visualizar os dados. Skip to main Content Este site depende de JavaScript para funcionar corretamente. Por favor, habilite o JavaScript nas configurações do seu navegador. Go to the content Go to the menu. --> Go to the search. Go to the footer. Investor Relations Faça sua busca Buscar pt - hide - en - Petrobras Fact Sheet Shareholding Structure Indicators Organization Chart ESG Environment Social Governance Presentations and Webinars Indicators Controversies Management Information to the Market Results Center Releases Notice to Shareholders and Debenture Holders Teasers Presentations Annual Reports Events General Shareholder SEC Stocks, Dividends, and Bonds Dividends and IOC Global Bonds Ratings Prospects Shares IR Services Contact IR Common Questions Income Tax Reports IR Releases Analyst Coverage Scam and Fraud Alerts Glossary Petrobras Fact Sheet Shareholding Structure Indicators Organization Chart ESG Environment Social Governance Presentations and Webinars Indicators Controversies Management Information to the Market Results Center Releases Notice to Shareholders and Debenture Holders Teasers Presentations Annual Reports Events General Shareholder SEC Stocks, Dividends, and Bonds Dividends and IOC Global Bonds Ratings Prospects Shares IR Services Contact IR Common Questions Income Tax Reports IR Releases Analyst Coverage Scam and Fraud Alerts Glossary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Home page - Meio Ambiente Social Governança Estratégias e Compromissos Apresentações e Relatórios Indicadores Controvérsias Administração --> Releases Quick Access Notice to the Market Results Center Events Business Plan IR Releases Comunicado ao Mercado Plano de Negócios Fato Relevante Last updated on March 3, 2021 . Petrobras Fact Sheet Shareholding Structure Indicators Organization Chart ESG Environment Social Governance Presentations and Webinars Indicators Controversies Management Information to the Market Results Center Releases Notice to Shareholders and Debenture Holders Teasers Presentations Annual Reports Events General Shareholder SEC Stocks, Dividends, and Bonds Dividends and IOC Global Bonds Ratings Prospects Shares IR Services Contact IR Common Questions Income Tax Reports IR Releases Analyst Coverage Scam and Fraud Alerts Glossary Ombudsman-General Office Accessibility Privacy Notice Privacy and Data Protection Policies and Terms of Use pt - hide - en - Sac Petrobras 0800 728 9001 ©Copyright Petrobras RI 2026. All rights reserved. The Forms made available on the Company's website are not intended for institutional advertising purposes, as they are copies of documents filed before regulatory bodies of the capital markets in Brazil or abroad, in compliance with applicable legislation, including CVM Resolution No. 80/2022, Law No. 6,404/1976, Law No. 13,303/2016, the Securities Act of 1993 and the Securites Exchange Act of 1994. Close