Income Tax Reports - Petrobras Este site depende de JavaScript para funcionar corretamente. Por favor, habilite o JavaScript nas configurações do seu navegador. --> Ative o javascript para visualizar os dados. Skip to main Content Este site depende de JavaScript para funcionar corretamente. Por favor, habilite o JavaScript nas configurações do seu navegador. Go to the content Go to the menu. --> Go to the search. Go to the footer. Investors Faça sua busca Buscar --> pt - hide - en - Overview &#8211; old Fact Sheet-old Shareholding Structure-old Corporate Structure-old Indicators Production and Marketing-old Proved Reserves-old Gasoline and Diesel Price-old Investments-old ROCE-old Net Debt/Adjusted Ebitda-old TRI-old Results and Notices &#8211; old Results Center-old Press Releases-old Teasers-old Notices to Shareholders and Bondholders-old Annual Reports-old Company Presentations-old Calendar of Events-old CVM and SEC Inquiry Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission-old U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission-old Shares, Dividends and Debt &#8211; old Shares-old Dividends-old Debt-old Prospectuses-old Ratings-old Shareholders’ Meeting-old Investors Services &#8211; old Individual Investor FAQ-old Scam and Fraud Alerts-old IR Releases-old Contact IR-old Analysts Coverage-old Downloads Center-old Glossary-old IR Team-old ESG: Environmental, Social &amp; Governance &#8211; old Strategies and Commitments-old Presentations, Reports and Webinars-old ESG Data-old Controversies-old Management-old Environment-old Social-old Governance-old Home &#8211; old Privacy Notice Terms &amp; Conditions of Use Overview Fact Sheet Shareholding Structure Indicators Production and Commercialization Proved Reserves Gasoline and Diesel Price Investments Net Debt/Adjusted Ebitda Organization Chart ESG: Environment, Social and Governance Environment Social Governance Presentations and Webinars Indicators Controversies Management Results and Announcements Results Center Releases Teasers Notice to Shareholders Notice to Debenture Holders CVM Fillings SEC Presentations, Reports and Events Presentations Annual Reports Events Shares, Dividends and Global Bonds Shares Declared Earnings: Paid and To be Paid Global Bonds Ratings Investor Services Individual Investor Production and Commercialization Common Questions IR Releases Income Tax Reports Scam and Fraud Alerts Contact IR Common Questions IR Releases Analyst Coverage Download Center Glossary Search for Home page - Meio Ambiente Social Governança Estratégias e Compromissos Apresentações e Relatórios Indicadores Controvérsias Administração --> Income Tax Reports You can find on this page: Mudanças Climáticas --> Dear Shareholders, Guidelines on the Income Report for the 2024 Base Year – Account Holders and Non-Account Holders PETROBRAS Shares (PETR3-ON and PETR4-PN): The Income Report is now available on the Bradesco Bank&#039;s digital documents platform, online, instantly, and securely. Through the link below, on Bradesco&#8217;s website, investors can obtain the income report for their shares for the 2024 base year, an important document to assist in filing their personal income tax return if they received dividends in 2024. https://documentosdigitaiscustodia.bradesco/login Additionally, if you need information or further guidance to obtain your report, the related website includes a &#8220;Questions&#8221; link, which also provides a support phone number. 1) On the portal documentosdigitaiscustodia.bradesco, click on First Access; 2) Enter your CPF (Individual Taxpayer Registry) and date of birth. For legal entities, enter the CNPJ (National Register of Legal Entities) and the date of establishment; 3) To verify your identity, choose one of the options: phone number or e-mail; 4) Enter the received code and create your password; 5) Done! Your access has been created. Simply log in with your CPF or CNPJ and the registered password. Additionally, for Bradesco account holders, the consultation and issuance of the Income Report remain available directly through Internet Banking/Investments/Queries. Under &#8220;Registered Securities,&#8221; select the option &#8220;Income Report Consultation &#8211; 2nd copy.&#8221; Sincerely, Note 1 : In case of outdated shareholder registration, it will be necessary to update it at any Bradesco bank branch. Request the branch management to contact the Shares and Custody Department (4010/DAC) &#8211; Asset Registration of Banco Bradesco S.A., located at the institution&#8217;s headquarters in Osasco &#8211; SP. The branch has contact options. Note 2 : For the 2024 base year income report of PETROBRAS shares held in custody at a brokerage firm and that were LENT (BTC) in 2024 (on the dividend entitlement date), access the Investor Area | B3 and register to obtain this information. The brokerage firm can also provide these transferred amounts. Request this report of transfers from the brokerage firm. The Bradesco Income Report WILL NOT INCLUDE these amounts. Note 3 : To check the dates of dividends made available to PETROBRAS shareholders and their values, visit: https://www.investidorpetrobras.com.br/en/shares-dividends-and-debts/dividends/ CNPJ: PETRÓLEO BRASILEIRO S.A. – PETROBRAS: 33.000.167/0001-01 Final Quotation as of 12/31/2024: PÚBLICA ON – PETR3: BRL 39.41 PN – PETR4: BRL 36.19 &nbsp; Quick Access Notice to the Market Results Center Events Business Plan IR Releases Last updated on March 10, 2021 . Petrobras Fact Sheet Shareholding Structure Indicators Organization Chart ESG Environment Social Governance Presentations and Webinars Indicators Controversies Management Information to the Market Results Center Releases Notice to Shareholders and Debenture Holders Teasers Presentations Annual Reports Events General Shareholder SEC Stocks, Dividends, and Bonds Dividends and IOC Global Bonds Ratings Prospects Shares IR Services Contact IR Common Questions Income Tax Reports IR Releases Analyst Coverage Scam and Fraud Alerts Glossary Ombudsman-General Office Accessibility Privacy Notice Privacy and Data Protection Policies and Terms of Use pt - hide - en - Sac Petrobras 0800 728 9001 ©Copyright Petrobras RI 2026. All rights reserved. The Forms made available on the Company's website are not intended for institutional advertising purposes, as they are copies of documents filed before regulatory bodies of the capital markets in Brazil or abroad, in compliance with applicable legislation, including CVM Resolution No. 80/2022, Law No. 6,404/1976, Law No. 13,303/2016, the Securities Act of 1993 and the Securites Exchange Act of 1994. Close