Apple Earnings Call - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV &amp; Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0 + Apple Events Your browser does not support live streaming of the conference call. Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. The dial-in numbers are: (800) 216-0480 (toll-free) or (323) 794-2150. Please enter confirmation code 650941. This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. Join us here on at to listen to the conference call live. This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). The streaming audio feed is currently unavailable. Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. The conference call audio stream is no longer available. Audio streams are available for approximately two weeks following the date of the event. The streaming audio feed is currently unavailable. Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. The conference call audio stream is no longer available. Audio streams are available for approximately two weeks following the date of the event. This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). Your browser does not support live streaming of the conference call. Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). A replay of today’s conference call will be available shortly. Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. Listen to streaming audio from the conference call, held on This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. Listen to streaming audio from the conference call, held on This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. Listen now to live audio streaming of the conference call. This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). The streaming audio feed is currently unavailable. Apple Financial Results&nbsp;- Apple Conference Call. The conference call audio stream is no longer available. Audio streams are available for approximately two weeks following the date of the event. This stream is best experienced on an iPhone 7 or later, iPad (5th generation or later), or iPod touch (7th generation) using Safari on iOS 12 or later; or a Mac using Safari on macOS Mojave 10.14 or later. Streaming to your TV requires an AirPlay 2–capable device, or via AirPlay to an Apple TV (2nd generation or later) with the latest Apple TV software or tvOS. Other platforms may also be able to access the stream using recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (MSE, H.264, and AAC required). Apple Footer  Apple Apple Events Apple Financial Results Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV &amp; Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple and Healthcare For Government For Government Apple and Government Shop for Veterans and Military Shop for State and Local Employees Shop for Federal Employees Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain Innovation About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics &amp; Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753). United States Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map