2025 Environmental Sustainability Report | Microsoft Skip to main content Microsoft Corporate Responsibility Corporate Responsibility Corporate Responsibility Home Featured AI Economy Institute Accelerating sustainability Cybersecurity Rural America Microsoft on the Issues Programs AI impact Communities Customer Security and Trust Digital skills Nonprofits and giving Sustainability Trusted technology Reports Reports Hub AI Diffusion Report Environmental Sustainability Report Microsoft Digital Defense Report Microsoft Impact Summary Responsible AI Transparency Report More All Microsoft Global Microsoft 365 Teams Copilot Windows Surface Xbox Deals Small Business Support Software Software Windows Apps Outlook OneDrive Microsoft Teams OneNote Microsoft Edge Moving from Skype to Teams PCs &amp; Devices PCs &amp; Devices Computers Shop Xbox Accessories VR &amp; mixed reality Certified Refurbished Trade-in for cash Entertainment Entertainment Xbox Game Pass Ultimate PC Game Pass Xbox games PC games Business Business Microsoft AI Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 for business Microsoft Power Platform Windows 365 Small Business Developer &amp; IT Developer &amp; IT Azure Microsoft Developer Microsoft Learn Support for AI marketplace apps Microsoft Tech Community Microsoft Marketplace Marketplace Rewards Visual Studio Other Other Microsoft Rewards Free downloads &amp; security Education Gift cards Licensing Unlocked stories View Sitemap Search Search or ask a question No results Cancel Sign in Environmental Sustainability Report 2025 Share As Microsoft continues to grow and innovate, our commitment to environmental sustainability remains a core value. Our annual report is an opportunity to share our learnings to help accelerate markets, provide transparency around our progress, and explore how we can scale solutions across our value chain. View the 2025 report Subscribe to our LinkedIn newsletter Accelerating progress to 2030 At this halfway point to our 2030 goals, we’re reaching key milestones and making meaningful progress. Together, with our customers, partners, and employees, we can build a healthier, more sustainable future. Read the blog on our progress Accelerating progress to 2030 At this halfway point to our 2030 goals, we’re reaching key milestones and making meaningful progress. Together, with our customers, partners, and employees, we can build a healthier, more sustainable future. Read the blog on our progress Microsoft Sustainability Carbon Getting to carbon negative Water Getting to water positive Waste Getting to zero waste Ecosystems Protecting ecosystems Customer Sustainability Global Sustainability View the 2025 report Follow Microsoft Sustainability Carbon Getting to carbon negative Explore our progress on carbon We’re reducing operational emissions and scaling carbon removal with strategic investments on our journey to becoming carbon negative. Tracking progress toward carbon negative by 2030 In FY24, we contracted nearly 22 million metric tons of carbon removals. In-year neutrality 1,690,940 2030 carbon negative 2,804,056 2031+ carbon negative and historic emissions 17,432,374 21,927,370 5M 0M 10M 15M 20M 25M Total metric tons contracted Breakdown Read case study Transforming datacenters for efficiency As demand for AI and cloud services grows, we’re redefining how we design, build, and operate datacenters—using innovations like direct-to-chip cooling, which saves over 125 million liters of water per facility each year, and hybrid timber-steel construction, which reduces embodied carbon by up to 65% compared to traditional concrete models. Learn about datacenter innovation Read case study Scaling access to decarbonization tools Microsoft has contracted 34 GW of new renewable energy across 24 countries, expanding access to carbon-free electricity through global procurement, innovative contracts, and infrastructure partnerships—advancing decarbonization across industries and communities. Learn about global procurement Microsoft Sustainability Water Getting to water positive Explore our progress on water In 2020, we set the ambitious commitment of becoming water positive by 2030. Our approach is designed to mitigate water stress, safeguard critical watersheds, and support global resilience. Replenishment activities Our water replenishment portfolio works to improve watershed health through a broad range of activities. 60M 25.5M 13.2M 12.9M 2.8M 10M 0M 20M 30M 40M 50M 50M FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 Total contracted volume water replenishment (m³) Read case study Reducing potable water use In Quincy, Washington, we partnered with the local municipality to build the Quincy Water Reuse Utility, recycling cooling water, reducing Microsoft’s potable water use in the region by 97%, and providing 1.5 million cubic meters of water annually for community drinking water needs. Read about water reuse Learn more about global water access &amp; replenishment projects Microsoft Sustainability Waste Getting to zero waste Explore our progress on waste In 2020, we committed to becoming zero waste by 2030—part of a broader effort to support the global transition to a circular economy and away from the traditional linear model of take, make, and waste. Advancing circular cloud hardware and packaging In FY24, we diverted 88.1% of operational waste and reused or recycled 90.9% of servers and components—meeting our goal a year early. Diverting operational waste from landfills and incinerators In FY24, we diverted approximately 26,000 metric tons of waste from being landfilled or incinerated across our owned datacenters and campuses. Diverted waste total 90% Target 20% 0% 40% 60% 80% 100% 82.2% 80.7% 84.9% 82.0% 88.1% FY20 Base Year FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 Current Year Diverted Non-diverted Landfill Incinerated Composted Recycled Reused (on-site) Reused (off-site) Reduce Read case study Applying a circular mindset Since 2020, we’ve been systematically phasing out single-use plastics in our packaging and have prioritized recyclability. The new Surface Pro 11 and Laptop 7 earned an 8/10 iFixit repairability score, with 11+ replaceable components and enclosures made from 100% recycled aluminum alloy. Learn about repairability Designing our product packaging for circularity In FY24, we achieved a rate of 94.8% recyclability across all Microsoft product packaging. 2030 Target 80% 75% 85% 90% 95% 100% 90.2% 92.7% 94.4% 93.9% 94.8% FY20 Base Year FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 Packaging recyclability Learn more about devices designed for a circular future Microsoft Sustainability Ecosystems Protecting ecosystems Explore our progress on ecosystems From supporting pollinator habitats on campuses to integrating biodiversity into datacenter designs, we’re embedding ecological considerations into our operations. Through partnerships and innovative technologies, we’re helping to protect and restore ecosystems locally and globally. Meeting our target of protecting more land than we use by 2025 As of FY24, Microsoft has permanently protected 15,849 acres—exceeding its land protection target by over 30%. Total land contracted to be protected Total land protected Microsoft land use footprint 15,849 acres 11,900 acres 17,439 acres Through partnerships with One Tree Planted and American Forests, Microsoft has expanded urban forestry efforts to enhance green spaces, mitigate urban heat islands, and improve stormwater management. One Tree Planted has supported the planting of 87,000 trees across nine projects in eight countries. Read case study Scaling AI tools for conservation Through the AI for Good Lab, Microsoft supports researchers worldwide in tackling biodiversity challenges with AI-driven tools. In Colombia, Project Guacamaya uses AI, satellite imagery, and bioacoustics to monitor Amazonian biodiversity—analyzing over 100,000 rainforest sounds with over 80% accuracy to enable rapid ecological response. Learn about conservation Customer Sustainability Accelerating progress through technology Explore the customer sustainability chapter Microsoft is committed to providing innovative technology to help build a more sustainable world. We are advancing greener software and reducing carbon intensity to improve device sustainability and helping organizations measure and manage the health of the planet’s natural ecosystems. Harnessing data for climate impact We believe AI is essential for advancing sustainability progress at speed and scale. AI supports the sustainability workforce and empowers organizations to measure, predict, and optimize complex systems. 1. Expanded capabilities Delivering enhanced solutions to simplify both voluntary and mandatory ESG reporting for all users. 2. Enhanced transparency Extending Sustainability Manager to give a more complete view of ESG metrics across the value chain. 3. Advanced AI capabilities Bringing more AI-driven insights and tools to empower users to optimize operations and forecast outcomes. 4. Sustainability data Expanding Microsoft Fabric as a hub for sustainability data, giving customers more ways to track and report progress. Read case study Planetary Computer: Data for resilience The Microsoft Planetary Computer offers an open, cross-domain geospatial platform that empowers everyone with the data they need to monitor, model, and protect Earth’s natural resources, with 50+ petabytes of data across 120+ open collections. Learn about the Planetary Computer Global Sustainability Catalyzing global impact Explore the global sustainability chapter We’re focused on accelerating the availability of new climate technologies, strengthening our climate policy agenda, helping to develop a more reliable and interoperable carbon accounting system, advocating for skilling programs to expand the green workforce, and facilitating a just energy transition. View our 2025 AI Innovations report Read case study Designing novel materials Microsoft, with Elemental Impact, Capgemini, and Bouygues, launched the Build Better Innovation Challenge to identify low-carbon material solutions that reduce Scope 3 emissions. The partnership draws on the strengths of global industry leaders to offer winners pilot opportunities and technical support. Learn more about the challenge Explore the stories behind our progress As we enter the second half of the decade, Microsoft remains steadfast in our dedication to achieving the company’s 2030 environmental sustainability commitments. Melanie Nakagawa Chief Sustainability Officer Subscribe to our LinkedIn newsletter Beyond our report Visit the Reports Hub We believe in the power of transparency and accountability to accelerate progress. Our work doesn’t stop here—we’re working on a number of initiatives to create a more sustainable future. Advancing sustainability We’re building sustainability into everything we do—including our operations, products, solutions, and beyond our four walls. Explore our work Empowering our customers We’re developing and delivering sustainable solutions, tools, and resources to help our customers accelerate their sustainability progress. Explore sustainability solutions Enabling societal impact We believe that companies that can do more, should. In this era of AI, we remain committed to responsible innovation, ensuring that we&#8217;re building a responsible future for everyone. Learn about our approach View the 2025 report View the 2025 data fact sheet --> What&#39;s new Surface Pro Surface Laptop Surface Laptop Studio 2 Copilot for organizations Copilot for personal use AI in Windows Explore Microsoft products Windows 11 apps Microsoft Store Account profile Download Center Microsoft Store support Returns Order tracking Certified Refurbished Microsoft Store Promise Flexible Payments Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education How to buy for your school Educator training and development Deals for students and parents AI for education Business Microsoft AI Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Power Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft 365 Copilot Small Business Developer &amp; IT Azure Microsoft Developer Microsoft Learn Support for AI marketplace apps Microsoft Tech Community Microsoft Marketplace Marketplace Rewards Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Diversity and inclusion Accessibility Sustainability English (United States) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks Safety &amp; eco Recycling About our ads &#169; Microsoft 2026