Privacy Policy Bradesco Organization What data do we collect about you? In order to provide our services, it is essential to collect some personal information about you. The Organization may collect personal data and sensitive personal data provided directly by you, by third parties or automatically collected, depending on the service provided. The Privacy Policy Bradesco Organization was created with the purpose of demonstrating its commitment to your privacy and the protection of your personal data. Below, we will present how your information will be collected, used, protected, and what your rights are and how they can be exercised. Personal data Any information related to a natural person, directly or indirectly identified or identifiable. Sensitive personal data Special category of personal data relating to racial or ethnic origin, religious belief, political opinion, union membership or organization of a religious, philosophical or political nature, relating to health or sexual life, genetic or biometric data relating to the natural person. 2 See below, with a more detail, the ways of collecting personal data: Personal data provided directly by you The Organization will collect all personal data entered or forwarded when accessing our channels (websites or applications) or when contracting products and/or services provided by companies of the Organization. Personal data supplied by third parties The Organization may receive your personal data through third parties, whether partners or service providers, who have a relationship with you. It is also possible that the Organization collects data from public databases, made available by authorities (such as the Brazilian Federal Revenue Service and State Transit Department – DETRANs, for example) or by third parties, or even data made public by you on websites or social networks, always respecting your privacy and the purpose for which this personal data became public data. Personal data collected automatically The Organization can also collect a series of information automatically, using some market technologies, such as cookies, pixel tags, beacons and local shared objects, aiming to improve your browsing experience in our services, according to your habits and preferences. 3 For all personal data collection, the Organization will always respect the following core rules: What cookies are and how we use them Cookies are files or information that can be stored on your devices when you visit websites or use online services of the Organization. Generally, a cookie contains the name of the website that originated it, its lifetime and a value, which is randomly generated. The Organization uses cookies to: ✓ facilitate the use and better adapt your website and applications to the interests and needs of your users; ✓ assist and improve your structures and content; ✓ may be used to speed up your future activities and experiences with our services. You can check further information below about the types of cookies used on our websites, what they do and what types of data they collect. only the essential information will be collected for the provision of the services offered. if necessary, we will ask you for authorization or inform you on the collection of new data, followed by the appropriate justification. the personal data collected will only be used to fulfill the purposes informed to you. 4 Cookies can be primary or third-party: Cookies Management It is possible that you, User of our services, at any time, use your browser settings to disable or remove cookies or configure your collection options through the "COOKIE PREFERENCES" link located in the footer of the Organization Bradesco pages. However, we warn that by blocking certain types of cookies, some functionalities of our services may not work as ideally expected. Primary cookie is the one you receive directly from Bradesco Organization and its subsidiaries when visiting our websites. Third-party cookie is the one that is transferred to your device by authorized third parties, when visiting another website. We have no control over the cookies enabled by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our website. However, we may work with certain third -party providers, such as Google or Facebook, to allow their cookies to work through our website, enabling the Organization to provide you with a better experience and customized services on our website. 5 Types of Cookies What do they do? Type of data collected Necessary Cookies They are essential for the correct operation of the website and for the use of the services offered. Browsing data: IP address, date and time of access, geographic location, browser type, length of visit and pages visited. Data on the access device: model, manufacturer, operating system, telephone operator, browser type, and connection type and speed. Performance Cookies They help us understand how visitors interact with the website of the Organization; thus, we collect information about the areas visited, the time and any problems encountered, with its error messages. We use Google Analytics to monitor the traffic and also to measure and improve the website’s performance. For further information about Google Analytics cookies, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technol ogies/partner-sites. Browsing data: date and time of access, geographic location, browser type, length of visit and pages visited on our websites. Data on the access device: browser type, connection type and speed, and Customer access/session to the Bank’s social networks for browsing and audience measurement. Functional Cookies Allow the Bradesco Organization page to remember your choices to offer a customized experience. Moreover, they allow Users to watch videos and use social media, fields for comments, forums, among others. Preference data: Customer Branch and Account reminder (if they choose to leave this information saved) and menu customization options on our pages. Marketing Cookies They are used to offer more relevant content that is of the User’s interest. They can present advertising with better targeting or to limit the quantity shown on the Bradesco Organization’s pages. Also allowing to measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. Browsing data: date and time of access, browser type, length of visit and pages visited on our websites. 6 For further information on how to manage cookies directly in your preferred browser, please refer to the links below: Why do we handle your personal data? The handling of personal data by the Organization has several purposes, depending on your relationship with the companies of the Organization. Thus, we present below, in a non -exhaustive list, the main hypotheses in which we will handle your personal information: For the performance of services, products and other contracts or preliminary diligences: • for the provision of services of the companies of the Organization, such as banking services, investments, insurance, financing, consortia, cards, health care plans, private pension plans, among others; • for the relationship and provision of information related to the products and services engaged by the the Customers of the Organization. Google/Chrome Microsoft Edge Mozilla Firefox Safari Handling refers to any operation carried out with personal data, such as those related to: collection, production, reception, classification, use, access, reproduction, transmission, distribution, processing, filing, storage, deletion, among others. 1 7 If the companies of the Organization must comply with any legal or regulatory obligation: Compliance with legal obligations, such as, but not limited to, resolutions, circular letters, normative acts, communications from competent bodies (for example: National Monetary Council, Central Bank of Brazil - BACEN, Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission - CVM, SUSEP, National Private Insurance Council, National Health Agency, among others) which define, for example: • security measures to prevent abuses, frauds and scams; • procedures for detecting transactions that deviate from normal standards, including those related to occurrences, attempts and/or indications of frauds and scams, to prevent frauds and guarantee the security of operations; • responding to requests from our Clients and non-Clients; • recording, when necessary, of phone calls, e-mails, chats; • anti-money laundering and terrorism financing. For the legitimate exercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings: • in carrying out complaint receipt processes in the Customer Service; • receiving and preparing responses to complaints submitted to the Brazilian Consumer Protection Agency (Procon); • in the storage of information for defense in judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings. In pursuit of the legitimate interest of the companies comprising the Organization, always within the limits of their expectations, and never to the detriment of their fundamental interests, rights and freedoms: • In building and assessing the profile of your Clients, in order to offer personalized products compatible with their needs. This may be achieved, for example, through: I. analyzing their habits and preferences in the several channels of interaction with the companies of the Organization; II. sharing data with other companies of the Organization, especially when you are a Customer or prospect of that other entity. 2 3 4 8 • in the implementation and development of our products and services; • in the implementation of statistics, tests and evaluations for the elaboration and inquire of surveys, feedback collection and solutions development, aiming at the management and assessment of business risks, the improvement and/or creation of new products; • in cases of a complaint, when the Organization is mentioned on social networks or specific platforms, with the purpose of resolving the issue claimed, as well as of adopting the necessary measures to resolve the situation in the best possible way. To guarantee your security in the processes of identification and registration authentication in our electronic systems and in performing activities aimed at preventing the occurrence of fraud. For the protection of credit granted or to be granted by any of the Organization's companies in the calculation of credit scores, which may involve sharing and/or consulting scores with credit bureaus to support and subsidize the analysis of credit risk profiles for Clients or prospects. Through your free, informed, and unequivocal consent, such as in processes involving the sending of indirect marketing for partner products. Minors’ data We may collect and handle personal data of minors in cases where they are dependents, beneficiaries or customers, always in the best interest of these data subjects and in compliance with the guidelines of Federal Law 13,709/2018 [Lei Geral de Proteção de dados Pessoais (LGPD)]. 5 6 7 9 The child’s personal data (such as name, date of birth, gender, SSN (CPF), identity card (RG), health data, nationality, address, among others) may be processed by the Bradesco Organization for operationalizing products/services, meeting and managing regulatory, institutional, legal demands and fraud prevention. Children’s personal data may be collected without a parent or legal guardianconsent when: With whom do we share your personal data? The Organization will sometimes need to share your personal data with third parties. The situations that will involve sharing your information are the following: with partner companies and suppliers, in the development and provision of services made available to you, provided that they are duly approved by the security processes of the Organizatioin; the collection is necessary to contact the parents or legal guardian, and such data may be used only once and without being stored; when collection is necessary for the protection of the data subject (child); or there was a legal basis that justifies the treatment without consent, in accordance with art. 7 and 11 of the Federal Law 13,709/2018 [Lei Geral de Proteção de dados Pessoais (LGPD)] and provided that the best interests of the child and adolescent are observed. It is also worth highlighting that the Bradesco Organization does not use data from minors for marketing and/or offering products and services. 10 with government entities or other third parties, including using sensitive personal data, whose purpose is to identify and authenticate registration processes and to prevent fraud; with companies in this conglomerate and/or third-party institutions, such as other institutions in the financial system and regulatory bodies under applicable legal and regulatory obligations; with authorities, government entities or other third parties, for the protection of the interests of the Organization in any type of conflict, including lawsuits and administrative proceedings; in the case of corporate transactions and operations involving the Organization, in which case the transfer of information will be necessary for the continuity of services; or by court order or upon the request of administrative authorities that have legal competence for that request. How do we keep your personal data safe? Any personal data held by the Organization will be stored in accordance with the strictest security standards adopted by the market, which includes the adoption of measures such as: • protection against unauthorized access; • restricted access of people to the place where personal information is stored; and Personal data may also be shared with our partner companies, third parties and/or External Units (including those located outside Brazil), respecting, if applicable, the regulations of the local jurisdiction, in addition to observing the premises contained in the Federal Law 13,709/2018 [Lei Geral de Proteção de dados Pessoais (LGPD)] and other specific legislation on the subject. 11 • adopt procedures so that agents, Employees or external partners that handle personal data are committed to maintaining the total confidentiality of information, adopting the best practices for handling this data, as provided for in the corporate policies and procedures. In addition to technical efforts, the Organization also adopts institutional measures aimed at protecting personal data, so that it maintains a governance and privacy program adopted to its activities and governance structure, which is constantly updated. In any case, in the remote event of incidents of this nature, the Organization guarantees it will endeavor its best efforts to remedy the consequences of the event, always ensuring due transparency to you. How long will we store your personal data? Personal data handled by the Organization will be deleted when it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or when requested by you, except in the event of the need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, transfer to a third party - respecting that data handling requirements - and the exclusive use of the Organization, including for the exercise of its rights in judicial or administrative proceedings. No transmission of information is fully secure, as it will always be susceptible to technical failures, malware and/or similar actions. In this sense, the Bradesco Organization endeavors its best efforts to preserve your privacy and protect your personal data. 12 What are my rights as a personal data subject? In compliance with the applicable regulations, regarding the personal data handling, the Organization respects and guarantees to the User the possibility of submitting requests based on the following rights: confirmation of the existence of handling and data access; correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data; anonymizing, blocking or deleting unnecessary and excessive data, as well as data handled in non-compliance with the law; data transfer to another service or product supplier, upon express request by the User; deletion of data handled with the consent of the user; obtaining information about public or private entities with which Bradesco shared your data; information about the possibility of the non consent, as well as about the consequences in case of such refusal; revocation of consent; review of decisions made solely on the basis of automated processing Anonymization is the process through which data loses the possibility of being associated, directly or indirectly, with an individual, considering the reasonable and available technical means at the time of processing. 13 Finally, the User must be aware that the request may be legally rejected, whether for formal reasons (such as his or her inability to prove his or her identity) or legal reasons (such as the request for deletion of data whose maintenance is handled to comp ly with a legal exercise of rights by the Organization), and, in the event of impossibility of meeting such requests, the Organization will present the User with reasonable justifications. How can I clarify further doubts? If you want to clarify any further questions, please kindly contact us through the relationship channels available in the privacy notice.. For further information on security, visit the website https://www.bradescoseguranca.com.br or access the privacy notices available on the channels of the Organization. Applicable legislation and changes This document was prepared based on applicable legislation on information security, privacy and data protection, including (whenever applicable) the Federal Constitution, the Consumer Part of the rights listed above may be exercised directly by you, user, through the management of registration information in our websites or APPs, while another part will depend on the submission of requests through our service channels or directly with those in charge of Data Protection (visit the website www.bradescoseguranca.com.br), for further evaluation and adoption of necessary measures. The Organization will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requests made by the Data Subjects, in the shortest possible timeframe. However, justifiable factors may delay or prevent their prompt service, and, in the event of any delay, the Organization will provide the User with the necessary reasons. 14 Protection Code, the Civil Code, the Civil Rights Framework for the Internet (Federal Law No. 12,965/2014), its regulatory decree (Decree No. 8,771/2016) and the General Data Protection Law (Federal Law No. 13,709/2018) and other sectorial and general standards on the theme. The Organization reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, change, add or delete parts of this document at any time. Definitions If you have any questions regarding the terms used in this Privacy Directive, we suggest consulting the glossary below. Term Definition IP Abbreviation for Internet Protocol. It is a set of numbers that identifies the User’s computer on the Internet. Logs Logs of user’s activities made in the Website. Prospect Person interested in consuming or with the potential to consume products or services Website Designates the website www.bradesco.com.br and its subdomains. Publication date: December 17, 2025