1 Exhibit 1.01 MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR THE REPORTING PERIOD FROM JANUARY 1 TO DECEMBER 31, 2015 I. INTRODUCTION This Conflict Minerals Report (“CMR”) for MICROSOFT CORPORATION is presented to comply with Rule 13p-1 under the Secur ities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Rule”) for the reporting period fro m January 1 to December 31, 2015 (“2015 reporting year”). The report covers activities of all Microsoft majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities that are subject to the Rule (“Microsoft”). The Rule imposes certain due diligence and reporting obligations on US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) registrants whose manufactured products (including products contracted to be made for each registrant) contain “conflict minerals” necessary to the functionality or production of those products. The Rule defines “conflict minerals” to include cassiterite, columbite -tantalite, gold, wolframite and their derivatives limited to tin, tantalum, tungsten , and gold (collectively referred to as “3TGs”). Microsoft develops and markets software, services, and hardware devices that deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and enhanced value to people’s lives. Microsoft is committed to the responsible sourcing of raw materials globally in support of human rights, labor, health and safety, environmental protection, and business ethics. Our commitment and strategy are outlined in the Microsoft Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials policy. Under our policy, Microsoft takes a holistic approach to responsible sourcing while working toward the use of conflict -free minerals in our hardware devices (“devices”). One of our objectives is to ensure that we do not harm communities through an inadvertent de facto embargo of minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (“DRC”) or an adjoining country (defined as a country that shares an internationally recognized border with the DRC) - both considered a “Covered Country” for purposes of the Rule. This year’s report documents our efforts for the 2015 reporting year, which demonstrate meaningful progress. The number of Conflict-Free Smelter Program1 (“CFSP”)-compliant smelters or refiners (the “SORs”) in our supply chain increased from 148 to 213 due to targeted supplier outreach and maturation of the CFSP - of which Microsoft is a foundi ng partner and strong supporter. Based on Microsoft’s data analysis, we also concluded that 100 percent of tantalum smelters identified in Microsoft’s supply chain were CFSP compliant. Since the 2014 reporting year (January 1 to December 31, 2014), we have also taken several notable actions to improve our conflict minerals due diligence, including the following:  Completed implementation of recommendations from third party audit firm covering 2014 reporting year external assessment; 1 Please note: this CMR contains references and hyper -text links to non -Microsoft, external websites. These links are provided for informational purposes only. Their inclusion in this CMR does not establish Microsoft’s endorsement of or assumption of liability for content posted on these external websites. 2  Implemented process improvements to increase supplier response rate, including extensive sourcing manager involvement, supplier resource support, and tailored outreach to both new suppliers and 2014 unresponsive suppliers;  Developed and refine d internal controls and procedur es to improve in -scope supplier determination, data collection and validation, and supply chain due diligence, including early engagement with suppliers upon initial on -boarding through Microsoft’s Social and Environmental Accountability (“SEA”) online Audit Management System; and  Enhanced our supplier data collection process such as addition of automated “red flags” to identify quality control issues and Covered Country sourcin g risk earl y in the surveying process. Microsoft devices contain one or more 3TGs and are within the Rule’s scope. Devices manufactured during the 2015 reporting year included:  Surface line of tablet and laptop computers and accessories;  Xbox gaming/entertainment consoles and accessories;  Personal computing accessories, including mice and keyboards;  Mobile devices, including Nokia and Lumia branded mobile phones and devices;  Surface Hub computing displays; and  Microsoft Band wellness devices. On the basis of our performance of the required “Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry” (“RCOI”) (see Section II), we cannot exclude the possibility that some of the 3TGs contained in our devices may have originated in a Covered Country. Therefore, we are submitting this CMR, which describes the conflict minerals due diligence we performed, as an exhibit to our Form SD. We are submitting t his CMR to the SEC under the reporting requirements of the Rule and have published the CMR externally on our corporate website: see Responsible Sourcing. The manufacture of devices during any specified time period may include raw materials sourced before, as well as during, that time period. In particular, some 3TGs used during the 2015 reporting year may have been smelted and refined prior to January 31, 2013 and are exempt under the Rule because they were outside the supply chain prior to the Rule’s initial reporting period . While such 3TGs are excluded from the Rule’s scope, our RCOI and supply chain due diligence conducted for the 2015 reporting year may have included such minerals. 3 II. REASONABLE COUNTRY OF ORIGIN INQUIRY Our RCOI corresponds to the first and second steps of the five -step OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict -Affected and High -Risk Areas (“OECD Guidance”), as that Guidance (including its Supplements) applies to each of the 3TGs and to Microsoft as a “downstream company.” The OECD Guidance provides a framework for detailed due diligence to support responsible global supply chain management of minerals, including 3TGs, and is currently the only nationally or internationally recognized framework for conflict minerals due diligence. Microsoft does not contract with raw material providers in preparation for manufacturing our devices and does not source 3TGs directly. We source products from suppliers, which , in turn , source materials, components, and products from their suppliers (“sub-tier suppliers”). Our supply chain is extensive and complex with many layers of suppliers positioned between ourselves and 3TG SORs. Our contracts require all Microsoft supplier partners to identify, by weight, each and every substance contained in the materials, components, and products supplied to us , including 3TGs. We refer collectively in this CMR to our own manufacturing facilities, contracted manufacturing partners, and our strategic componen t suppliers as “in-scope suppliers.” Due to our extended supply chain, we leverage our in-scope suppliers, which provide us with information concerning the sources and chains of custody of 3TGs necessary to the functionality or production of our devices. We provide more detail on our supply chain due diligence process in Section III. The graphic below demonstrates Microsoft’s span of influence with its suppliers. A. Establish Strong Company Management Systems 1. Company Policies Microsoft’s Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials policy describes our commitment and strategy to responsibly source raw materials used in our devices. Microsoft is committed to the sourcing of raw materials in a way that supports human rights, labor, health and safety, environment, and ethics. Consistent with this mission, we address the issues associated with the harvesting, extraction, and transportation of raw materials as a global responsibility applicable to all substances used in our devices - unbounded by specific materials or locations. This policy also states that we implement programs that are region -specific, such as working toward th e use of conflict-free minerals in our devices. We expect our suppliers to support our commitment to the responsible sourcing of raw materials. Microsoft’s policies also include Microsoft’s Global Human Rights Statement ; our Supplier Code of Conduct, which defines our expectations concerning ethical business, employment, environmental, 4 and worker safety practices; and our internal Standards of Business Conduct, which outlines expected behaviors for all Microsoft employees. Microsoft uses supplier specifications and internal procedures to establish supplier commitments for the responsible sourcing of raw materials, including 3TGs. We incorporate these requirements into our hardware and packaging contracts. 2. Internal Management Team A cross -functional team (“team”) supports Microsoft’s responsible sourcing activities, including compliance activities associated with the Rule. The Corporate Vice President of Microsoft’s Manufacturing and Supply Chain organization is the executive sponsor of the team. Representatives from various Microsoft corporate groups are involved in the development, review and filing of the CMR. C orporate groups represented on the team include Sourcing, Social and Environmental Accountability, Manufacturing, Accounting/Finance, Internal Audit, Windo ws and Devices Group, Corporate, External and Legal Affairs , Business an d Corporate Responsibility , Information Services, and Product Environmental Compliance. This team meets according to Microsoft’s internal Responsible Sourcing Program Manual and, at a minimum, quarterly to assess the progress of our program and identify steps that are necessary to meet our compliance obligations. The team also trains other internal stakeholders on their roles and responsibilities for implementing and supporting Microsoft’s responsible sourcing program. 3. System of Supply Chain Controls and Transparency We require our in-scope suppliers to fully disclose all substances and materials that are present in the devices or components they supply to us by component and weight. These material disclosure requirements explicitly cover 3TGs. Our in-scope suppliers are responsible for communicating these 3TG sourcing requirements and specifications to their sub-tier suppliers. Data obtained from our in- scope suppliers, therefore, includes 3TG information obtained from their sub-tier suppliers. In addition, we require all in -scope suppliers to submit a Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (“CMRT”) annually. These CMRTs are evaluated for completeness, data integrity, due diligence thoroughness, and sourcing risk. Potential risks may include, but are not limited to, failure to fully complete the CMRT, inconsistencies in the CMRT, and possible sourcing from a Covered Country. If data gaps or risks are identified, Microsoft investigates each issue and engages with those suppliers to address all concerns in conformance to Microsoft policies, procedures and specifications.. In cases where the supplier still poses risk, Microsoft initiates supplier corrective action calibrated to the severity of the identified risk. H02050 - Microsoft Supplier Social and Environmental Accountability Manual and Microsoft internal operating procedures establish controls for documenting supplier engagement, supplier response , and corrective action for any non - conformance findings. If we confirm that a supplier’s upstream SOR is using raw materials that do not comply with Microsoft’s Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials policy or the specifications referenced in this CMR, Microsoft initiate s actions t o address the non-conformance. These actions may include supplier engagement, training, and/or additional audits. Microsoft work s with impacted suppliers to find alternate sources for non-compliant minerals. If a supplier does not commit to an alternate source 5 within a reasonable time period, Microsoft places the supplier on restricted status with no new Microsoft b usiness awarded until any non -conformance is resolved. Termination of Micro soft’s business relationship with the supplier may also occur. Microsoft is a longstanding member of the Global e -Sustainability Initiative (“GeSI”) and the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition (“EICC”) - two organizations that initiated the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative (“CFSI”). Founded in 2008 by GeSI and EICC members, the CFSI is one of the most utilized and res pected resources for addressing supply chain conflict minerals issues . The CFSI , through its CFSP, uses an independent third -party audit to verify SORs that demonstrate that the 3TGs, which they process, do not originate from sources that may be directly or indirectly financing or benefitting armed groups in a Covered Country. Microsoft funded an early adopters program that provided initial audit funds, enabling more SORs to be CFSP audited. Microsoft also provides financial support to the Industrial Technology Research Institute’s Tin Supply Chain Initiative (“iTSCi”) that has established a system of traceability and due diligence in Covered Countries and we support the efforts of organizations , including the Public-Private Alliance for Minerals Trade (“PPA”), that promote responsible mining and raw material sourcing. Microsoft is a sponsor of the Multi-Stakeholder Group, hosted by the Responsible Sourcing Network , which coordinates efforts to promote security and stability in the DRC region by engaging governments to bring an end to the conflict in the DRC. Microsoft works to positively impact end-to-end mining sustainability, from artisanal mines to larger mining enterprises. Through this work, we aspire to improve conditions directly at the source across a broad scope of issues in partnership with the electronics industry, the mining industry, and other not-for-profit partners. In particular, Microsoft believes that it can improve practices associated with the mining of metal ores a t their source through participation in collaborative initiatives related to the upstream mining industry. Microsoft supports and participates in numerous additional partnerships that work to establish responsible mining standards and the responsible sourcing of minerals, including the following:  Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance ("IRMA") : establish ed a multi -stakeholder and independently verifiable responsible mining assurance system that improv es social and environmental performance;  Pact: empowers small and medium sized miners to achieve legal, safe and secure livelihoods ; and  Alliance for Responsible Mining ("ARM"): sets standards for responsible artisanal and small scale mining and supports and creates opportunities for gold miners and provide s them incentives to become responsible economic, technological and environmental enterprises. 4. Supplier Engagement In light of our corporate size, the complexity of our devices, and the depth, breadth , and constant evolution of our supply chain; we rely on our in-scope suppliers to provide us with information concerning the source and chain of custody of 3TGs contained in the products and components they supply to us. Many of our in-scope suppliers are also subject to the Rule, and they rely on information provided by their upstream suppliers to meet their compliance obligations. 6 We drive responsible sourcing through our extended supply chain by surveying our in-scope suppliers’ sourcing of raw materials in their upstream supply chains. We also use tools that include supplier and smelter capability building and support broader industry efforts to promote responsible mining and sourcing. Finally, we conduct audits of our contracted suppliers to verify conformance to Microsoft requirements. More information is set forth below.  Supplier Requirements: We require our in -scope suppliers to meet our material disclosure requirements and related responsible sourcing policies through contractual provisions and product specifications that we communicate, monitor, and track electronically to ensure conformance. These p olicies and procedures are outlined in Section III. We also train our directly contracted suppliers to meet our requirements through training sessions, educational forums, and direct communications.  Capability Building and Partnerships: We work closely with our supply chain partners to build the raw material supplier capabilities for achieving our responsible sourcing goals. We invest in industry programs, such as the CFSP , to increase suppliers’ capabilities and provide them with platforms to share best practices with each other.  Supplier Audits : Microsoft conducts audits of its contracted sup pliers to assess their conformance to Microsoft requirements, including supply chain transparency. All new contracted hardware and packaging suppliers undergo an initial capability assessment to verify conformance to Microsoft requirements. Microsoft requires that suppliers have a policy and effective procedures to establish and monitor their responsible sourcing of raw materials. Microsoft selects and retains only those business partners that commit to meeting these requirements. A failure by a supplie r or any sub -tier supplier to conform to these requirements may constitute a breach of the supplier’s contractual agreement with Microsoft. During the 2015 reporting year, Microsoft-engaged auditors conducted onsite audits of 129 contracted hardware and packaging suppliers to assess areas of SEA conformance, including whether the suppliers had a n established conflict minerals policy, systems in place to implement that policy, and documentation to verify co nformance to Microsoft responsible sourcing requirements. CFSI’s “Practical Guidance for Downstream Companies ” document states that “all of the [OECD Guidance’s] red flag triggers are contained in the upstream portion of the supply chain.” Because these conflict mineral supply chain “triggers” are directed to upstream companies, rather than downstream manufacturers, such as Microsoft , we mitigate risks associated with the sourcing of 3TGs by working with our in-scope suppliers to identify 3TG SORs and encourage those facilities to become CFSP compliant or, failing to do so, use an alternate facility that is CFSP compliant . We also participate in industry-wide initiatives, such as the CFSP, that assess SOR compliance with the OECD Guidance as recommended by CFSI guidance documents. We require our in-scope suppliers to actively work with their upstream suppliers to mitigate risks associated with their sourcin g of 3TGs. 7 5. Grievance Mechanism Microsoft’s Global Human Rights Statement expresses our commitment to pr ovide an anonymous grievance reporting mechanism for our employees and other stakeholders who may be impacted by our operations. Microsoft’s Business Conduct Hotline provides that mechanism, which allows employees and others to ask compliance questions or report concerns regarding Microsoft’s business operations, including its mineral sourcing policies or those of its suppliers. We investigate and, where appropriate, take remedial action to address reported incidents. We also participate in industry efforts to develop specific grievance mechanisms for conflict minerals-related issues, including PPA’s efforts to establish an in-region hotline. B. Identify and Assess Risk in the Supply Chain We took the following steps to identify and assess supplier conflict mineral sourcing risk in connection with 2015 reporting year data2:  Using the Rule and SEC guidance, we generated a list of potential in-scope suppliers to receive Microsoft’s annual CMRT survey.  We surveyed all potential in-scope suppliers to determine the status of any 3TGs contained in devices manufactured during the 2015 reporting year by utilizing the CFSI -standard CMRT and the services of a third party solution provider. The survey included questions regarding a supplier’s responsible sourcing policies, its practices for engaging with its upstream suppliers, a request to list all SORs from which its 3TGs were sourced, and other detailed questions concerning the origins of 3TGs contained in the supplier’s products as well as its 3TG due diligence policies and procedures.  The survey follow ed the OECD Guidance as tail ored for Microsoft’s role as a downstream company. We reviewed all supplier CMRT submissions to validate that they were complete and to identify any contradictions or inconsistencies. We worked with our third-party solution provider to secure updated responses from suppliers, as needed.  We identified 276 active and in-scope suppliers for reporting year 2015. Of the 276 active and in-scope suppliers surveyed, we received responses from 267. This resulted in a 97% response rate - an improvement from the 2014 reporting year rate of 82% and the 2013 reporting year rate of 71% as shown in Figure 1. 2 Microsoft completed its supplier conflict mineral sourcing data analysis for the 2015 reporting year on March 31, 2016. 8 Figure 1. Response Rate for Active and In-scope Suppliers (2013-2015 Reporting Years) III. DUE DILIGENCE DESIGN AND PERFORMANCE On the basis of our RCOI, we determined that 3TGs contained in our devices may have originated in one or more Covered Country. Accordingly, we designed and performed due diligence on the source and chain-of-custody of those 3TGs. A. Due Diligence Design Our 3TG due diligence process conforms to the third and fourth steps of the five-step OECD Guidance. The first and second steps of the five-step OECD Guidance were addressed in Section II. B. Due Diligence Performed 1. Design and Implement a Strategy to Respond to Risks . Microsoft requires its suppliers to take affirmative actions to minimize the possible sourcing of 3TGs from conflict-affected and high-risk areas. This is required through contracts with our suppliers and supplier specifications. a. Microsoft Supplier Specifications - H00594 and HO0642 Microsoft’s supplier specification H00594, Restricted Substances for Hardware Produc ts (“H00594”), requires 100 percent identification of all materials, including 3TG, used in all packaging and hardware products and parts supplied to Microsoft on a component-by-component level. Specifically, H00594 requires contracted suppliers to do the following: 71% 82% 97% 0% 25% 50% 75% 100% 2013 2014 2015 9  Post a responsible sourcing policy, conforming to the OECD Guidance, on their website;  Exercise due diligence on the source and chain of custody of any 3TG contained in materials, components, or products they supply to Microsoft;  Identify, by name, each SOR that has processed or otherwise handled 3TGs contained in those materials, components, or products;  Encourage those SORs to participate in the CFSP or an equivalent third-party conflict-free audit scheme, when available;  Confirm that 3TGs in their supply chain are sourced from SORs that are compliant with the CFSP or an equivalent independent private sector audit firm, when available; and  Notify Microsoft immediately if they obtain information or knowledge that the minerals used in the materials, components, or products that they supply to Microsoft may contain 3TGs sourced from a Covered Country. H00594 requires Microsoft suppliers to impose these same requirements on their sub-tier suppliers and to provide appropriate training and supp ort to help their sub -tier suppliers meet Microsoft responsible sourcing requirements. To facilitate this process, H00642, Restricted Substances Control System for Hardware Products. requires Microsoft suppliers to utilize the common CMRT provided by the CFSI and found at www.conflictfreesourcing.org. Suppliers are responsible for submitting the annual CMRT as well as updating the CMRT upon request or when changes occur. b. Responsible Sourcing Program Manual Processes to Implement OECD Guidance To respond to possible conflict min eral risks that were identified during our due diligence process, Microsoft implemented responsible sourcing practices, to communicate with s uppliers that may be sourcing 3TGs under conditions that may be directly or indirectly financing or benefitting armed groups in a Covered Country. Under our Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials Program, we use the OECD Guidance to review supplier CMRT da ta and identify potential red flags for the sourcing of 3TGs, including the following:  The minerals originated from or were transported via a conflict-affected or high-risk area;  The minerals were claimed to originate from a country that has limited know n reserves for the mineral in question;  The minerals were claimed to originate from a country in which minerals from conflict - affected and high-risk areas are known to transit;  The company’s suppliers or oth er known upstream companies have shareholder or other interests in companies that supply minerals or operate in one of the red flag locations of mineral origin and transit; and 10  The company’s suppliers’ or other known upstream companies were known to have sourced minerals from a red flag location of mineral origin and transit in the last 12 months. Microsoft’s program includes an escalation process that may require an in-scope supplier to find an alternative to a non -CFSP compliant source of 3TGs for use in materials, components, or products supplied to Microsoft or risk termination as a Microsoft supplier. To date, we have not encountered a responsible sourcing issue with a supplier that has warranted contract termination. Also, as required by Microsoft’s internal Responsible Sourcing Program Manual, our team assessed the progress of our conflict minerals program and identified steps necessary to meet our compliance obligations. The team also provided monthly p rogram status updates, including metrics and audit results, to Microsoft’s Corporate Vice President of Manufacturing and Supply Chain organization. We utilized supplier survey updates, supplier communications, supplier social and environmental accountability audits, and new supplier briefings to prevent the introduction of any new 3TG sourcing risk to our supply chain. We also leveraged Microsoft’s SEA Steering Committee meetings with senior management to report findings and receive program guidance. c. Industry and NGO Partner Engagement Microsoft participated in, or has been a member of, several industry-wide responsible mining and smelting initiatives, including CFSI, PPA, ITRI’s iTSCi program, IRMA, Pact, and ARM. As part of our due diligence, we also conducted smelter outreach on behalf of the CFSI Smelter Engagement Team. 2. Carried Out Independent Third-Party Audit of Supply Chain Due Diligence As contemplated by the OECD Guidance, our due diligence program leverage d independent SOR audits, which were undertaken in accordance with the CFSP and other similar programs . Microsoft obtained SOR data from the CFSP Compliant Smelter List through our membership in the CFSI using the Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry Data for member MSFT. T his data was used to support certain statements contained in this CMR. The CFSP Compliant Smelter List is a published list of SORs that have undergone assessment through the CFSP or industry equivalent program (such as Responsible Jewellery Council or London Bullion Market Association (“LBMA”)). Microsoft also participated in CFSI’s Smelter Engagement Team during the 2015 reporting year and we engaged a third party to assist smelters prepare for CFSP audits. 3. Reported on Supply Chain Due Diligence Microsoft’s Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials policy and other responsible sourcing documents are available on our external website. We have filed our CMR, required by the Rule, with the SEC and we have posted it on our external Responsible Sourcing website. These disclosures meet t he fifth step of the five-step OECD Guidance. 11 IV. SOR INFORMATION A. 3TG Processing Facilities Microsoft has made a reasonable good faith eff ort to c ollect and evaluate information concerning 3TG SORs based on data provided by our in -scope suppliers. The vast major ity of our in -scope suppliers provided data at a company or divisional level or otherwise were unable to identify specific entities that had processed 3TGs contained in the materials, components, or products supplied to us. This was expected given the multiple tiers of supply chain actors that are positioned between our in- scope suppliers and 3TG SORs. Our supplier survey data revealed 19,568 potential 3TG SORs in the Microsoft supply chain. We validated the data by removing duplicate SORs, reconciling multiple SOR names for a single entity , and eliminating otherwise invalid SOR names. This process reduced the list to 688 entities. Of this list, 226 SORs were unknown to CFSI (but are being investigated by CFSI members) and another 160 SORs were confirmed as misidentified and/or were not actual SORs. After removing those entities, 302 SORs remained. The Figures below provide a visual depiction of the SORs identified in Microsoft’s supply chain by CFSP audit status. Figure 2 categorizes the SORs by audit status and reporting year. Figure 3 categorizes the SORs by 3TG mineral and audit status. Appendix A to this CMR lists the 302 SORs which, to the extent known, processed 3TGs in Microsoft devices during the 2015 reporting year. Appendix A provides each SOR’s country location, 3TG processed, and CFSP audit status. Appendix A includes several gold SORs which have received the LBMA Responsible Gold Certificate - these are marked with an asterisk. Table 1 (below) summarizes the conflict mineral status of the 302 SORs that were identified in the Microsoft supply chain. CFSI defines each audit stage in the following manner:  Compliant: SOR has been audited and found to be compliant with the relevant audit protocols;  Active: SOR has been engaged but is not yet compliant;  In Communication: SOR is not yet active but is in communication with CFSP and/or member company;  Outreach Required: SOR is not yet active and outreach is needed by CFSI member companies to encourage SOR participation in CFSP; and  TI-CMC M ember Company: SOR is a member of the Tungsten Industry – Conflict Mineral Council (“TI-CMC”) and has agreed to undergo an audit within 2 years of joining TI-CMC. 12 Figure 2. Identified SORs by CFSP Audit Status (2013-2015 Reporting Years) 2 11 4 67 55 28 7 19 17 29 43 40 78 148 213 0 50 100 150 200 250 2013 2014 2015 TI-CMC Member Outreach Required In Communication On CFSP Active List Compliant 13 Figure 3: Identified SORs by 3TG and CFSP Audit Status 15 59 3 10 Tin SORs 87 Total 45 Tantalum SORs 45 Total 10 29 2 4 Tungsten SORs 45 Total 15 80 12 18 Gold SORs 125 Total 14 Table 1: Summary of CFSP Audit Status of Identified SORs Number of SORs Identified in Microsoft Supply Chain Audit Status 213 Compliant 40 Active 17 In Communication 28 Outreach Required 4 TI-CMC 673 LBMA Figures 4-7 show the geographic distribution of the 302 SORs identified in the Microsoft supply chain by 3TG mineral. The circle size corresponds to the relative number of times our in -scope suppliers identified each 3TG SOR in their completed CMRT form. Figure 4: Location and Relative Number of Identified SORs by 3TG Mineral (Tin) 3 These 67 LBMA Gold SORs are included in the 302 SORs listed in Appendix A and identified by asterisk. 15 Figure 5: Location and Relative Number of Identified SORs by 3TG Mineral (Tantalum) Figure 6: Location and Relative Number of Identified SORs by 3TG Mineral (Tungsten) 16 Figure 7: Location and Relative Number of Identified SORs by 3TG Mineral (Gold) B. 3TG Countries of Origin Countries of origin for the 3TGs that were identified by our CFSP-compliant SORs include: Argentina, Angola, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Burundi, Cambodia, Canada, Central African Republic, Chile, China, Colombia, Côte D'Ivoire, Czech Republic, Djibouti, Ecuador, Egypt, Estonia, Eth iopia, France, Germany, Guyana, Hungary, India, Indones ia, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Laos, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malaysia, Mongolia, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Netherlands, Nigeria, Peru, Portugal, Republic of Congo, Russia, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, South Korea, South Sudan, Spain, Suriname, Switzerland, Taiwan, Tanzania, Thailand, Uganda, United Kingdom, United States of America, Vietnam, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Other countries of origin identified through additional due diligence included: Armenia, Belarus, Ghana, Guinea, Hong Kong, Italy, Jersey, Kyrgyzstan, Mali, Mexico, Morocco, Niger, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Sweden, Tajikistan, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and Uzbekistan. Figure 8 provides a graphical presentation of the countries of origin for 3TGs that were identified as being used in the Microsoft supply chain during the 2015 reporting year. Although Covered Countries are listed in Microsoft’s countries of o rigin list, the SORs located in those countries are CFSP- compliant, verifying that they have been determined by CFSP to source 3TGs in a manner that does not directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups in a Covered Country. At this time, we have country-of-origin information for CFSP-compliant SORs and countries identified through ad ditional due diligence. 17 Figure 8: Country-of-Origin Information for SORs Identified in Microsoft’s Supply Chain For the identified conflict-free SORs for which minerals sourcing information is available from CFSI4:  55% process recycled or scrap material.  75% are not sourcing from Covered Countries.  38 SORs are sourcing from Covered Countries but are CFSP compliant. C. 3TG Mines or Locations of Origin Microsoft obtained Reasonable Country of Origin data through our membership in the CFSI using the Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry Data for member MSFT. We used this data to determine the 3TG country of origin of SORs identified in Microsoft’s supply chain. Microsoft supports the continued refinement and expansion of the list of participating SORs in the CFSP audit program through our membership in CF SI, which oversees the CFSP. We encourage SORs to participate in the CFSP by contacting all non-compliant SORs identified in our supply chain each reporting year. We also require all of our suppliers that reported non -compliant SORs to conduct outreach to th ose SORs and encourage them to join the CFSP. In addition, we have encouraged other SORs to participate in the CFSP by contacting SORs directly and by engaging in outreach events to encourage gre ater CFSP participation. We fund ed a third part y to help educate SORs and prepare the SORs for the audit process. We have also offered to visit SORs to facilitate their participation in the CFSP. 4 These numbers include metrics on indirect sourcing that were not included in the 2014 reporting year report as they were made available for the first time this year by CFSI. 18 V. IMPROVEMENTS Microsoft’s key 2015 reporting year accomplishments and improvements are detailed below. Although comparisons to the 2014 reporting year data are of limited utility due to supply chain year- to-year variances in the data pool , this year’s report, which documents our efforts to expand the number of verified conflict -free SORs in our supply chain, demonstrates meaningful progress , including the following improvements:  Increased the number of CFSP-compliant SORs identified through our due diligence from 148 to 213 due to enhanced supplier outreach, and maturation of CFSI’s CFSP;  Increased supplier response rate from 71% in 2013 and 82% in 2014 to 97% in the 2015 reporting year;  Developed early risk identification mechanisms with third party solution provider;  Strengthened supplier corrective action process to drive and improve supplier due diligence;  Developed new internal operational controls to standardize responsible sourcing, scoping determination, data collection, data validation and reporting;  Initiated external review of Microsoft’s conflict minerals program by a third-party audit firm to assess alignment with OECD Guidance and implemented audit recommendations; and  Enhanced engagement with external organizations, such as Pact, ARM and IRMA that are committed to advancing responsible sourcing on a global basis by developing mining standards and addressing issues such as child labor in the mining industry. VI. FUTURE ACTIONS Microsoft is committed to the sourcing of raw materials in ways that fundamentally support human rights, labor, healt h and safety, environment al protection, and business ethics in our supply chain . We will continue to improve our ability to identify, assess, and mitigate risks associated with our raw materials sourcing. We will continue to implement our Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials policy that includes a combination of building cross -industry sector capability, supporting electronics industry efforts, implementing region-specific programs such as working toward the use of conflict- free minerals in our devices and working with in -region expert NGOs that are able to imp lement community programs that are linguistically and culturally effective. Encouraging SORs to participate in the CFSP will improve our knowledge about the 3TGs in our raw material supply chain and we will continue to encourage CFSP participation. Microsoft is aware of concerns that have been raised regarding the Rule’s possible unintended negative consequences for local communities. Microsoft is committed to complying with the OECD Guidance and the Rule in such a way that mitigates such concerns through implementation of our Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials program, which is a holistic program that extends beyond the geographic limitations and the scope of the Rule. Consistent with our commitments, we intend 19 to take the following steps to continuously improve our responsible sourcing of raw materials due diligence efforts:  Continue to refine and improve internal procedures and processes to enhance alignment with the OECD Guidance, includ ing Microsoft’s supplier escalation process and supplier audit procedures;  Increase Microsoft’s level of engagement with suppliers by holding supplier forums, webinars, and providing resources;  Continue to refine supplier data by conducting outreach where reported data is incomplete or uncertain;  Enhance our usage of software tools and technology for improved tracking, evaluating and storing of supplier 3TG due diligence data;  Strengthen engagement with relevant industry groups and external stakeholders to define and improve best practices and build supplier and SOR capabilities (including encouraging SORs to become CSFP compliant);  Continue active participation in the CFSI Smelter Engagement Team, which seeks to bring non- compliant SORs into the CFSP; and  Continue our engagement with organizations like IRMA, ARM, and Pact to establish global responsible sourcing standards and programs in the mineral supply chain A-1 APPENDIX A Conflict Mineral Status of Identified SORs1 This Appendix lists the 302 SOR s which, to the extent known, processed 3TGs that were used to manufacture Microsoft devices during the 2015 reporting year. The SORs are listed by the ir audit status, 3TG processed, and country location. Appendix A includes several gold SORs which have received the LBMA Responsible Gold Certificate - these are marked with an asterisk. # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 1 Aida Chemical Industries Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold JAPAN 2 Allgemeine Gold-und Silberscheideanstalt A.G.* Compliant Gold GERMANY 3 AngloGold Ashanti Córrego do Sítio Mineração* Compliant Gold BRAZIL 4 Argor-Heraeus S.A.* Compliant Gold SWITZERLAND 5 Asahi Pretec Corp.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 6 Asahi Refining Canada Ltd.* Compliant Gold CANADA 7 Asahi Refining USA Inc.* Compliant Gold UNITED STATES 8 Asaka Riken Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold JAPAN 9 Aurubis AG* Compliant Gold GERMANY 10 Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (Central Bank of the Philippines)* Compliant Gold PHILIPPINES 11 Boliden AB* Compliant Gold SWEDEN 12 C. Hafner GmbH + Co. KG* Compliant Gold GERMANY 13 CCR Refinery - Glencore Canada Corporation* Compliant Gold CANADA 14 Chimet S.p.A.* Compliant Gold ITALY 15 DODUCO GmbH Compliant Gold GERMANY 16 Dowa Compliant Gold JAPAN 17 Eco-System Recycling Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold JAPAN 18 Elemetal Refining, LLC Compliant Gold UNITED STATES 19 Emirates Gold DMCC* Compliant Gold UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 20 Heimerle + Meule GmbH Compliant Gold GERMANY 21 Heraeus Ltd. Hong Kong* Compliant Gold CHINA 22 Heraeus Precious Metals GmbH & Co. KG* Compliant Gold GERMANY 23 Inner Mongolia Qiankun Gold and Silver Refinery Share Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold CHINA 24 Ishifuku Metal Industry Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 25 Istanbul Gold Refinery* Compliant Gold TURKEY 26 Japan Mint* Compliant Gold JAPAN 27 Jiangxi Copper Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold CHINA 1 Data as of April 15, 2016. A-2 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 28 JSC Ekaterinburg Non-Ferrous Metal Processing Plant* Compliant Gold RUSSIAN FEDERATION 29 JSC Uralelectromed* Compliant Gold RUSSIAN FEDERATION 30 JX Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 31 Kazzinc* Compliant Gold KAZAKHSTAN 32 Kennecott Utah Copper LLC* Compliant Gold UNITED STATES 33 Kojima Chemicals Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold JAPAN 34 LS-NIKKO Copper Inc.* Compliant Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 35 Materion Compliant Gold UNITED STATES 36 Matsuda Sangyo Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 37 Metalor Technologies (Hong Kong) Ltd.* Compliant Gold CHINA 38 Metalor Technologies (Singapore) Pte., Ltd.* Compliant Gold SINGAPORE 39 Metalor Technologies S.A.* Compliant Gold SWITZERLAND 40 Metalor USA Refining Corporation* Compliant Gold UNITED STATES 41 Metalúrgica Met-Mex Peñoles S.A. De C.V.* Compliant Gold MEXICO 42 Mitsubishi Materials Corporation* Compliant Gold JAPAN 43 Mitsui Mining and Smelting Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 44 MMTC-PAMP India Pvt., Ltd.* Compliant Gold INDIA 45 Moscow Special Alloys Processing Plant* Compliant Gold RUSSIAN FEDERATION 46 Nadir Metal Rafineri San. Ve Tic. A.Ş.* Compliant Gold TURKEY 47 Nihon Material Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 48 Ögussa Österreichische Gold- und Silber- Scheideanstalt GmbH Compliant Gold AUSTRIA 49 Ohura Precious Metal Industry Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold JAPAN 50 OJSC "The Gulidov Krasnoyarsk Non-Ferrous Metals Plant" (OJSC Krastsvetmet)* Compliant Gold RUSSIAN FEDERATION 51 OJSC Novosibirsk Refinery* Compliant Gold RUSSIAN FEDERATION 52 PAMP S.A.* Compliant Gold SWITZERLAND 53 Prioksky Plant of Non-Ferrous Metals* Compliant Gold RUSSIAN FEDERATION 54 PT Aneka Tambang (Persero) Tbk* Compliant Gold INDONESIA 55 PX Précinox S.A.* Compliant Gold SWITZERLAND 56 Rand Refinery (Pty) Ltd.* Compliant Gold SOUTH AFRICA 57 Republic Metals Corporation Compliant Gold UNITED STATES 58 Royal Canadian Mint* Compliant Gold CANADA 59 Schone Edelmetaal B.V.* Compliant Gold NETHERLANDS 60 SEMPSA Joyería Platería S.A.* Compliant Gold SPAIN 61 Shandong Zhaojin Gold & Silver Refinery Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold CHINA 62 Sichuan Tianze Precious Metals Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold CHINA A-3 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 63 Singway Technology Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold TAIWAN 64 SOE Shyolkovsky Factory of Secondary Precious Metals* Compliant Gold RUSSIAN FEDERATION 65 Solar Applied Materials Technology Corp.* Compliant Gold TAIWAN 66 Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 67 T.C.A S.p.A* Compliant Gold ITALY 68 Tanaka Kikinzoku Kogyo K.K.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 69 The Refinery of Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold CHINA 70 Tokuriki Honten Co., Ltd.* Compliant Gold JAPAN 71 Umicore Brasil Ltda.* Compliant Gold BRAZIL 72 Umicore Precious Metals Thailand Compliant Gold THAILAND 73 Umicore S.A. Business Unit Precious Metals Refining* Compliant Gold BELGIUM 74 United Precious Metal Refining, Inc. Compliant Gold UNITED STATES 75 Valcambi S.A.* Compliant Gold SWITZERLAND 76 Western Australian Mint trading as The Perth Mint* Compliant Gold AUSTRALIA 77 Yamamoto Precious Metal Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold JAPAN 78 Yokohama Metal Co., Ltd. Compliant Gold JAPAN 79 Zhongyuan Gold Smelter of Zhongjin Gold Corporation* Compliant Gold CHINA 80 Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd. Gold Refinery* Compliant Gold CHINA 81 Advanced Chemical Company Active Gold UNITED STATES 82 Almalyk Mining and Metallurgical Complex (AMMC)* Active Gold UZBEKISTAN 83 Cendres + Métaux S.A. Active Gold SWITZERLAND 84 Daejin Indus Co., Ltd. Active Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 85 DSC (Do Sung Corporation) Active Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 86 Faggi Enrico S.p.A. Active Gold ITALY 87 Geib Refining Corporation Active Gold UNITED STATES 88 KGHM Polska Miedź Spółka Akcyjna Active Gold POLAND 89 Korea Zinc Co., Ltd. Active Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 90 Metalor Technologies (Suzhou) Ltd. Active Gold CHINA 91 Navoi Mining and Metallurgical Combinat* Active Gold UZBEKISTAN 92 Samduck Precious Metals Active Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 93 SAXONIA Edelmetalle GmbH Active Gold GERMANY 94 Torecom Active Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 95 WIELAND Edelmetalle GmbH Active Gold GERMANY 96 Caridad In Communication Gold MEXICO A-4 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 97 Chugai Mining In Communication Gold JAPAN 98 Daye Non-Ferrous Metals Mining Ltd. In Communication Gold CHINA 99 Guoda Safina High-Tech Environmental Refinery Co., Ltd. In Communication Gold CHINA 100 Hunan Chenzhou Mining Co., Ltd. In Communication Gold CHINA 101 Hwasung CJ Co., Ltd. In Communication Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 102 Kazakhmys Smelting LLC In Communication Gold KAZAKHSTAN 103 Korea Metal Co., Ltd. In Communication Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 104 Morris and Watson In Communication Gold NEW ZEALAND 105 Remondis Argentia B.V. In Communication Gold NETHERLANDS 106 SAMWON Metals Corp. In Communication Gold KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 107 Shandong Tiancheng Biological Gold Industrial Co., Ltd. In Communication Gold CHINA 108 Al Etihad Gold Refinery DMCC Outreach Required Gold UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 109 Atasay Kuyumculuk Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.S. Outreach Required Gold TURKEY 110 AURA-II Outreach Required Gold UNITED STATES 111 Gansu Seemine Material Hi-Tech Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 112 Great Wall Precious Metals Co., Ltd. of CBPM* Outreach Required Gold CHINA 113 Guangdong Jinding Gold Limited Outreach Required Gold CHINA 114 Hangzhou Fuchunjiang Smelting Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 115 Kaloti Precious Metals Outreach Required Gold UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 116 Kyrgyzaltyn JSC* Outreach Required Gold KYRGYZSTAN 117 L'azurde Company For Jewelry Outreach Required Gold SAUDI ARABIA 118 Lingbao Gold Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 119 Lingbao Jinyuan Tonghui Refinery Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 120 Luoyang Zijin Yinhui Gold Refinery Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 121 Penglai Penggang Gold Industry Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 122 Sabin Metal Corp. Outreach Required Gold UNITED STATES A-5 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 123 So Accurate Group, Inc. Outreach Required Gold UNITED STATES 124 Tongling Nonferrous Metals Group Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 125 Yunnan Copper Industry Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Gold CHINA 126 Changsha South Tantalum Niobium Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 127 Conghua Tantalum and Niobium Smeltry Compliant Tantalum CHINA 128 D Block Metals, LLC Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 129 Duoluoshan Compliant Tantalum CHINA 130 Exotech Inc. Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 131 F&X Electro-Materials Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 132 FIR Metals & Resource Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 133 Global Advanced Metals Aizu Compliant Tantalum JAPAN 134 Global Advanced Metals Boyertown Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 135 Guangdong Zhiyuan New Material Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 136 H.C. Starck Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum THAILAND 137 H.C. Starck GmbH Goslar Compliant Tantalum GERMANY 138 H.C. Starck GmbH Laufenburg Compliant Tantalum GERMANY 139 H.C. Starck Hermsdorf GmbH Compliant Tantalum GERMANY 140 H.C. Starck Inc. Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 141 H.C. Starck Ltd. Compliant Tantalum JAPAN 142 H.C. Starck Smelting GmbH & Co. KG Compliant Tantalum GERMANY 143 Hengyang King Xing Lifeng New Materials Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 144 Hi-Temp Specialty Metals, Inc. Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 145 Jiangxi Dinghai Tantalum & Niobium Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 146 JiuJiang JinXin Nonferrous Metals Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 147 Jiujiang Tanbre Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 148 Jiujiang Zhongao Tantalum & Niobium Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 149 KEMET Blue Metals Compliant Tantalum MEXICO 150 KEMET Blue Powder Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 151 King-Tan Tantalum Industry Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 152 LSM Brasil S.A. Compliant Tantalum BRAZIL 153 Metallurgical Products India Pvt., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum INDIA 154 Mineração Taboca S.A. Compliant Tantalum BRAZIL 155 Mitsui Mining & Smelting Compliant Tantalum JAPAN 156 Molycorp Silmet A.S. Compliant Tantalum ESTONIA 157 Ningxia Orient Tantalum Industry Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 158 Plansee SE Liezen Compliant Tantalum AUSTRIA 159 Plansee SE Reutte Compliant Tantalum AUSTRIA 160 QuantumClean Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 161 Resind Indústria e Comércio Ltda. Compliant Tantalum BRAZIL 162 RFH Tantalum Smeltry Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA A-6 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 163 Solikamsk Magnesium Works OAO Compliant Tantalum RUSSIAN FEDERATION 164 Taki Chemicals Compliant Tantalum JAPAN 165 Telex Metals Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 166 Tranzact, Inc. Compliant Tantalum UNITED STATES 167 Ulba Metallurgical Plant JSC Compliant Tantalum KAZAKHSTAN 168 XinXing HaoRong Electronic Material Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 169 Yichun Jin Yang Rare Metal Co., Ltd. Compliant Tantalum CHINA 170 Zhuzhou Cemented Carbide Compliant Tantalum CHINA 171 Alpha Compliant Tin UNITED STATES 172 China Tin Group Co., Ltd. Compliant Tin CHINA 173 Cooperativa Metalurgica de Rondônia Ltda. Compliant Tin BRAZIL 174 CV Ayi Jaya Compliant Tin INDONESIA 175 CV Gita Pesona Compliant Tin INDONESIA 176 CV Serumpun Sebalai Compliant Tin INDONESIA 177 CV United Smelting Compliant Tin INDONESIA 178 CV Venus Inti Perkasa Compliant Tin INDONESIA 179 Dowa Compliant Tin JAPAN 180 Elmet S.L.U. Compliant Tin SPAIN 181 EM Vinto Compliant Tin BOLIVIA 182 Fenix Metals Compliant Tin POLAND 183 Gejiu Non-Ferrous Metal Processing Co., Ltd. Compliant Tin CHINA 184 Jiangxi Ketai Advanced Material Co., Ltd. Compliant Tin CHINA 185 Magnu's Minerais Metais e Ligas Ltda. Compliant Tin BRAZIL 186 Malaysia Smelting Corporation (MSC) Compliant Tin MALAYSIA 187 Melt Metais e Ligas S.A. Compliant Tin BRAZIL 188 Metallic Resources, Inc. Compliant Tin UNITED STATES 189 Metallo-Chimique N.V. Compliant Tin BELGIUM 190 Mineração Taboca S.A. Compliant Tin BRAZIL 191 Minsur Compliant Tin PERU 192 Mitsubishi Materials Corporation Compliant Tin JAPAN 193 O.M. Manufacturing (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Compliant Tin THAILAND 194 O.M. Manufacturing Philippines, Inc. Compliant Tin PHILIPPINES 195 Operaciones Metalurgical S.A. Compliant Tin BOLIVIA 196 PT Aries Kencana Sejahtera Compliant Tin INDONESIA 197 PT Artha Cipta Langgeng Compliant Tin INDONESIA 198 PT ATD Makmur Mandiri Jaya Compliant Tin INDONESIA 199 PT Babel Inti Perkasa Compliant Tin INDONESIA 200 PT Bangka Prima Tin Compliant Tin INDONESIA 201 PT Bangka Tin Industry Compliant Tin INDONESIA 202 PT Belitung Industri Sejahtera Compliant Tin INDONESIA 203 PT BilliTin Makmur Lestari Compliant Tin INDONESIA A-7 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 204 PT Bukit Timah Compliant Tin INDONESIA 205 PT Cipta Persada Mulia Compliant Tin INDONESIA 206 PT DS Jaya Abadi Compliant Tin INDONESIA 207 PT Eunindo Usaha Mandiri Compliant Tin INDONESIA 208 PT Inti Stania Prima Compliant Tin INDONESIA 209 PT Justindo Compliant Tin INDONESIA 210 PT Mitra Stania Prima Compliant Tin INDONESIA 211 PT Panca Mega Persada Compliant Tin INDONESIA 212 PT Prima Timah Utama Compliant Tin INDONESIA 213 PT Refined Bangka Tin Compliant Tin INDONESIA 214 PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa Compliant Tin INDONESIA 215 PT Stanindo Inti Perkasa Compliant Tin INDONESIA 216 PT Sukses Inti Makmur Compliant Tin INDONESIA 217 PT Sumber Jaya Indah Compliant Tin INDONESIA 218 PT Timah (Persero) Tbk Kundur Compliant Tin INDONESIA 219 PT Timah (Persero) Tbk Mentok Compliant Tin INDONESIA 220 PT Tinindo Inter Nusa Compliant Tin INDONESIA 221 PT Tommy Utama Compliant Tin INDONESIA 222 PT Wahana Perkit Jaya Compliant Tin INDONESIA 223 Resind Indústria e Comércio Ltda. Compliant Tin BRAZIL 224 Rui Da Hung Compliant Tin TAIWAN 225 Soft Metais Ltda. Compliant Tin BRAZIL 226 Thaisarco Compliant Tin THAILAND 227 VQB Mineral and Trading Group JSC Compliant Tin VIETNAM 228 White Solder Metalurgia e Mineração Ltda. Compliant Tin BRAZIL 229 Yunnan Tin Company Limited Compliant Tin CHINA 230 An Thai Minerals Co., Ltd. Active Tin VIETNAM 231 An Vinh Joint Stock Mineral Processing Company Active Tin VIETNAM 232 Chenzhou Yunxiang Mining and Metallurgy Co., Ltd. Active Tin CHINA 233 CV Dua Sekawan Active Tin INDONESIA 234 Electro-Mechanical Facility of the Cao Bang Minerals & Metallurgy Joint Stock Company Active Tin VIETNAM 235 Feinhütte Halsbrücke GmbH Active Tin GERMANY 236 Gejiu Fengming Metallurgy Chemical Plant Active Tin CHINA 237 Gejiu Jinye Mineral Company Active Tin CHINA 238 Gejiu Kai Meng Industry and Trade LLC Active Tin CHINA 239 Gejiu Yunxin Nonferrous Electrolysis Co., Ltd. Active Tin CHINA 240 Nghe Tinh Non-Ferrous Metals Joint Stock Company Active Tin VIETNAM 241 Phoenix Metal Ltd. Active Tin RWANDA 242 PT Karimun Mining Active Tin INDONESIA A-8 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 243 Tuyen Quang Non-Ferrous Metals Joint Stock Company Active Tin VIETNAM 244 Yunnan Chengfeng Non-ferrous Metals Co., Ltd. Active Tin CHINA 245 Estanho de Rondônia S.A. In Communication Tin BRAZIL 246 Gejiu Zili Mining And Metallurgy Co., Ltd. In Communication Tin CHINA 247 Linwu Xianggui Ore Smelting Co., Ltd. In Communication Tin CHINA 248 CNMC (Guangxi) PGMA Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Tin CHINA 249 Huichang Jinshunda Tin Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Tin CHINA 250 Nankang Nanshan Tin Manufactory Co., Ltd. Outreach Required Tin CHINA 251 PT Alam Lestari Kencana Outreach Required Tin INDONESIA 252 PT Bangka Kudai Tin Outreach Required Tin INDONESIA 253 PT Bangka Timah Utama Sejahtera Outreach Required Tin INDONESIA 254 PT Fang Di MulTindo Outreach Required Tin INDONESIA 255 PT Pelat Timah Nusantara Tbk Outreach Required Tin INDONESIA 256 PT Seirama Tin Investment Outreach Required Tin INDONESIA 257 PT Tirus Putra Mandiri Outreach Required Tin INDONESIA 258 A.L.M.T. TUNGSTEN Corp. Compliant Tungsten JAPAN 259 Asia Tungsten Products Vietnam Ltd. Compliant Tungsten VIETNAM 260 Chenzhou Diamond Tungsten Products Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 261 Chongyi Zhangyuan Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 262 Fujian Jinxin Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 263 Ganzhou Huaxing Tungsten Products Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 264 Ganzhou Jiangwu Ferrotungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 265 Ganzhou Seadragon W & Mo Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 266 Ganzhou Yatai Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 267 Global Tungsten & Powders Corp. Compliant Tungsten UNITED STATES 268 Guangdong Xianglu Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 269 H.C. Starck GmbH Compliant Tungsten GERMANY 270 H.C. Starck Smelting GmbH & Co.KG Compliant Tungsten GERMANY 271 Hunan Chenzhou Mining Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 272 Hunan Chunchang Nonferrous Metals Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 273 Hydrometallurg, JSC Compliant Tungsten RUSSIAN FEDERATION 274 Japan New Metals Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten JAPAN 275 Jiangxi Gan Bei Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA A-9 # SOR Name Conflict Free Audit Status Metal Country 276 Jiangxi Xiushui Xianggan Nonferrous Metals Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 277 Kennametal Huntsville Compliant Tungsten UNITED STATES 278 Malipo Haiyu Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 279 Niagara Refining LLC Compliant Tungsten UNITED STATES 280 Nui Phao H.C. Starck Tungsten Chemicals Manufacturing LLC Compliant Tungsten VIETNAM 281 Tejing (Vietnam) Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten VIETNAM 282 Vietnam Youngsun Tungsten Industry Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten VIETNAM 283 Wolfram Bergbau und Hütten AG Compliant Tungsten AUSTRIA 284 Xiamen Tungsten (H.C.) Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 285 Xiamen Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 286 Xinhai Rendan Shaoguan Tungsten Co., Ltd. Compliant Tungsten CHINA 287 ACL Metais Eireli Active Tungsten BRAZIL 288 Hunan Chuangda Vanadium Tungsten Co., Ltd. Wuji Active Tungsten CHINA 289 Hunan Chuangda Vanadium Tungsten Co., Ltd. Yanglin Active Tungsten CHINA 290 Jiangwu H.C. Starck Tungsten Products Co., Ltd. Active Tungsten CHINA 291 Jiangxi Tonggu Non-ferrous Metallurgical & Chemical Co., Ltd. Active Tungsten CHINA 292 Jiangxi Xinsheng Tungsten Industry Co., Ltd. Active Tungsten CHINA 293 Jiangxi Yaosheng Tungsten Co., Ltd. Active Tungsten CHINA 294 Kennametal Fallon Active Tungsten UNITED STATES 295 Sanher Tungsten Vietnam Co., Ltd. Active Tungsten VIETNAM 296 Xinfeng Huarui Tungsten & Molybdenum New Material Co., Ltd. Active Tungsten CHINA 297 Ganxian Shirui New Material Co., Ltd. In Communication Tungsten CHINA 298 Jiangxi Minmetals Gao'an Non-ferrous Metals Co., Ltd. In Communication Tungsten CHINA 299 Dayu Jincheng Tungsten Industry Co., Ltd. TI-CMC Member Company Tungsten CHINA 300 Dayu Weiliang Tungsten Co., Ltd. TI-CMC Member Company Tungsten CHINA 301 Ganzhou Non-ferrous Metals Smelting Co., Ltd. TI-CMC Member Company Tungsten CHINA 302 Pobedit, JSC TI-CMC Member Company Tungsten RUSSIAN FEDERATION