Investor FAQs | Broadcom Inc. Skip to main navigation MENU --> Products Solutions Support and Services Company How to Buy AVAGO Technologies --> Products --> Solutions --> Support and Services --> Company --> How To Buy Breadcrumb Investor Center Company Information FAQs Investor FAQs In this section Investor Center Company Information Investor Overview Contact Us Events and Presentations Investor FAQs Key Executives Corporate Responsibility Locations Corporate Governance Documents Board of Directors Committee Composition Financial Information Annual Reports Financial Reports News Releases Proxy Statements Quarterly Results SEC Filings SEC Filings Archive Stock Information Tax Information Restricted Partnership Units Shareholder Tools Print Email Alerts RSS Feeds Investor FAQs Expand All What is Broadcom Inc. ticker symbol? The ticker symbol for Broadcom Inc. common stock is AVGO. What exchange is Broadcom Inc. traded on? Broadcom Inc. is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol AVGO. What is the CUSIP number for Broadcom Inc. stock? Common stock: 11135F101 Does Broadcom Inc. pay dividends? Our cash dividend policy is reviewed&nbsp;annually, and currently targets a quarterly per share amount for a full year. The declaration and payment of future cash dividends is at the discretion and approval of the Board of Directors and&nbsp;subject to the Board's continuing determination that they are in our best interests. In addition, the payment of cash dividends on our common stock is subject to compliance with Delaware General Corporation Law and will depend upon factors such as our&nbsp;earnings levels, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, cash position, overall financial condition and any other factors deemed relevant by the Board. Who is Broadcom Inc.&#039;s Transfer Agent? Computershare Investor Services By Mail: Computershare P.O. Box 43078 Providence, RI 02940-3078 By Overnight Delivery: Computershare 250 Royall Street Canton, MA 02021 Shareholder Services Phone Numbers: Inside the U.S. 877-373-6374 Outside the U.S. 781-575-3100 https://www-us.computershare.com/investor When does Broadcom Inc. fiscal year end? We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31 in a 52-week year and the first Sunday in November in a 53-week year. When is the annual stockholder meeting held? The date of the stockholder meeting is determined by the Board of Directors. Proxy materials and annual reports will be available at least one month before the meeting, which is usually held in April of each year. Please refer to the Events and Presentations section for a list of upcoming events. Shareholder Tools Print Email Alerts RSS Feeds Products Solutions Support and Services Company How to Buy Products Solutions Support and Services Company How To Buy Copyright © 2005-2026 Broadcom. All Rights Reserved. The term "Broadcom" refers to Broadcom Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Accessibility Privacy Site Map Supplier Responsibility Terms of Use --> --> --> Bookmark &amp; Share X Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Print Print Pinterest Pinterest Gmail Gmail Google+ Google+ LinkedIn LinkedIn Addthis More... (194) AddThis × Share Broadcom Inc. | Tax Information http://investors.broadcom.com/https://investors.broadcom.com/company-information/faqs Find a service Top Services LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn Facebook Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Twitter Print Print Print Email Email Email Pinterest Pinterest Pinterest Gmail Gmail Gmail Google+ Google+ Google+ Email App Email App Email App Tumblr Tumblr Tumblr Load More AddThis -->