Latest news about Sustainability at Amazon Sustainability News Learn about how we’re building a more sustainable company for our customers, our people, and our planet. Amazon&#x27;s water conservation and replenishment efforts around the world Get the latest updates on how we’re reducing our water footprint and investing in innovations to address water scarcity. Latest news about sustainability How Amazon is helping to build one of the first modular nuclear reactor facilities in the United States Get a first look at a future SMR (small modular reactor) that will help power AI and cloud services with advanced nuclear energy in the Pacific Northwest. Sustainability Oct. 15, 2025 Inside the delivery station putting dozens of sustainability strategies to the test Amazon&#x27;s new delivery station doubles as an exercise in sustainability, packed with more than 40 market-ready technologies and systems designed to reduce its resource usage and shrink its carbon footprint. Sustainability Oct. 8, 2025 Tour the Amazon-backed seaweed farm working to turn kelp into a carbon-cutting superhero A first-of-its-kind harvest marks a milestone in Amazon’s commitment to climate innovation. Sustainability Aug. 19, 2025 Amazon meets 100% renewable energy goal 7 years early All of the electricity used by Amazon’s operations, including its data centers, was matched with 100% renewable energy in 2023. Sustainability Aug. 13, 2025 How Amazon is improving packaging and boosting sustainability Across the globe, we continue to find ways to reduce our packaging, while making the materials we use easier to recycle. Here’s a look at our progress so far. Sustainability Aug. 12, 2025 How Amazon trains its employees to spot signs of human trafficking More than 18,000 Amazon employees have taken specialized training to recognize and safely report suspicious situations. Workplace July 29, 2025 How Amazon is helping power America&#x27;s AI future The Pennsylvania Energy and Innovation Summit brought together Amazon leadership, policymakers, and energy and AI executives to advance U.S. technological leadership. Company news July 14, 2025 5 ways to reduce, reuse, and recycle your Amazon packaging Check out these easy ways to reduce, reuse, and recycle your Amazon packaging. Sustainability July 13, 2025 Everything you need to know about Amazon’s electric delivery vans from Rivian Amazon is committed to decarbonizing its delivery fleet and has rolled out more than 25,000 custom electric delivery vans across the U.S. Transportation June 18, 2025 Amazon investing AU$20 billion to expand data center infrastructure in Australia and strengthen the nation’s AI future The largest global technology investment announcement in Australia’s history will help build national AI capability and position Australia as a global AI and technology leader. Company news June 13, 2025 Follow us into the lab where AWS designs custom chips Annapurna Labs’ unique approach to innovation pushes the limits of computer software and hardware development. AWS May 27, 2025 7 ways Amazon is thinking big about nuclear energy Learn how Amazon is innovating to power our operations more sustainably. Sustainability May 26, 2025 How Amazon packages are delivered in densely populated areas like New York City with e-bikes and on foot Through alternative delivery models (such as on-foot, Amazon Hub Delivery and e-bikes), Amazon packages reach customers in big cities. Transportation May 8, 2025 How Amazon helps data center communities thrive Amazon’s investment in its data center locations is helping create jobs, support economic growth, provide education and training opportunities, and much more. Company news May 6, 2025 8 more sustainable choices Amazon shoppers can make this Earth Month and beyond From recycling boxes to buying pre-owned products, here are a few ways to be more sustainable this Earth Month as an Amazon shopper. Sustainability April 20, 2025 10 Climate Pledge Friendly products to shop at Amazon during Earth Month With our Climate Pledge Friendly program, it’s easy to identify and buy over 1.4 million products with sustainability features across electronics, beauty, apparel, household, and more. Retail April 20, 2025 Amazon launches a carbon credit service, enabling access to high-quality credits for qualified companies Available through the Sustainability Exchange, this service will offer science-based carbon credits to suppliers, business customers, and Climate Pledge signatories. Sustainability March 18, 2025 Charging ahead: Meet Amazon&#x27;s growing lineup of electric vehicles Our roster of zero-tailpipe emission vehicles helps us deliver packages to customers around the world. Sustainability March 11, 2025 How AI is helping Amazon buildings conserve water and improve energy efficiency around the world AI-based tools built on AWS are supporting Amazon’s Climate Pledge commitment. Sustainability March 10, 2025 How Amazon approaches carbon credits, a key tool in the fight against climate change Carbon credits help unlock private sector climate finance at scale, and drive impact beyond our own operations. Sustainability Feb. 13, 2025 Amazon is the largest corporate purchaser of renewable energy globally for the fifth year in a row With more than 600 projects worldwide, Amazon is also supporting solar and wind initiatives in regions with polluted grids to help curb emissions. Sustainability Jan. 15, 2025 AWS plans to invest at least $11 billion in Georgia to expand infrastructure to support AI and cloud technologies The investments in Butts and Douglas counties are expected to create hundreds of jobs and enhance Georgia’s position as a hub for cutting-edge digital innovation. Company news Jan. 6, 2025 AWS plans $10 billion infrastructure investment in Ohio, advancing the future of AI The investment is expected to create hundreds of new AWS jobs and support thousands of jobs in the local economy, while bolstering local communities across Ohio. AWS Dec. 23, 2024 Introducing Amazon’s all-new device packaging Echo, Kindle, and Fire TV product packaging gets an all-new look using more recycled fiber and less ink. Devices Dec. 17, 2024 You might also like Sustainability Here at Amazon, we are committed to and invested in sustainability because it&#x27;s a win all around. Artificial Intelligence (AI) We’ve long believed that AI will transform every customer experience and industry. Whether you’re watching your favorite show or movie on Prime Video, shopping for products on Amazon.com, asking Alexa a question, or one of the more than 100,000 enterprise customers using AI and machine learning services offered through Amazon Web Services (AWS), check out how we’re innovating with AI. Community Impact We aim to make our customers’ lives better and easier every day and to have a positive impact on our local communities all around the world, using our scale and abilities to take on some of society’s most pressing challenges. More Sustainability news Scroll to top button Amazon News Press Center Amazon.com Investor Resources Country &amp; Language: EN Careers Site Map More from Amazon Facebook Youtube Amazon.com Conditions of Use Amazon Privacy Policy © 1996- 2026 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates News Stores and Shopping AWS Devices Entertainment Artificial Intelligence Workplace Sustainability Community International Featured Topics Alexa+ About Us What We Do Working at Amazon Leadership Principles Shareholder Letters Reports Our Impact Sustainability Community Small Businesses Economy Featured Topics Amazon Future Ready Subscribe