Corporate Governance | Broadcom Inc. Skip to main navigation MENU --> Products Solutions Support and Services Company How to Buy AVAGO Technologies --> Products --> Solutions --> Support and Services --> Company --> How To Buy Breadcrumb Investor Center Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Corporate Governance In this section Investor Center Company Information Investor Overview Contact Us Events and Presentations Investor FAQs Key Executives Corporate Responsibility Locations Corporate Governance Documents Board of Directors Committee Composition Financial Information Annual Reports Financial Reports News Releases Proxy Statements Quarterly Results SEC Filings SEC Filings Archive Stock Information Tax Information Restricted Partnership Units Shareholder Tools Print Email Alerts RSS Feeds Corporate Governance Ethics and Integrity Broadcom is committed to uncompromising integrity in our business and to maintaining the highest standards of business conduct and ethics in all of our worldwide operations and locations. We design our corporate governance framework to support the long-term interests of our stockholders and compliance with regulatory requirements related to corporate governance. &nbsp; Governance Documents and Policies Committee Charters Audit Committee 256.3 KB Compensation Committee 233.7 KB Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 208.7 KB Executive Committee 30.3 KB Governance Documents Corporate Governance Guidelines 263.8 KB Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 2.8 MB Open Door Policy 93.2 KB &nbsp; Compliance Hotline Broadcom maintains a Compliance Hotline, hosted by a third-party vendor, that is available to those who wish to ask questions about our policies, seek guidance on specific situations or report violations of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct or other Broadcom policies or laws. You can report a concern or violations by: Clicking on File a Report or&nbsp; Calling (800) 422-3240 in the United States and Canada, or for other international numbers click here . After clicking the link, click on the Call us icon or the Call us link at the top the page and select the country in which you are located to obtain the telephone number. All inquiries and concerns may be submitted anonymously, where permitted by law. Broadcom will not tolerate retaliation against any employee for raising a concern in good faith.&nbsp; See Broadcom's Open Door Policy for additional details. Shareholder Tools Print Email Alerts RSS Feeds Products Solutions Support and Services Company How to Buy Products Solutions Support and Services Company How To Buy Copyright © 2005-2026 Broadcom. All Rights Reserved. The term "Broadcom" refers to Broadcom Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Accessibility Privacy Site Map Supplier Responsibility Terms of Use --> --> --> Bookmark &amp; Share X Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Print Print Pinterest Pinterest Gmail Gmail Google+ Google+ LinkedIn LinkedIn Addthis More... (194) AddThis × Share Broadcom Inc. | Tax Information http://investors.broadcom.com/https://investors.broadcom.com/corporate-governance/corporate-governance Find a service Top Services LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn Facebook Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Twitter Print Print Print Email Email Email Pinterest Pinterest Pinterest Gmail Gmail Gmail Google+ Google+ Google+ Email App Email App Email App Tumblr Tumblr Tumblr Load More AddThis -->