ANTI-SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT 2025 Meta is opposed to all forms of human trafficking, slavery, servitude, forced or compulsory labor, child labor, and all other trafficking-related activities (together, “modern slavery and human trafficking”). We are committed to fully complying with all applicable international human rights standards, labor and employment laws, rules, and regulations, and to working to mitigate the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking in our business operations and supply chains. The United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015, the Australia Commonwealth Modern Slavery Act 2018, and Canada’s Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act require certain businesses to disclose information relating to their steps to prevent and reduce the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking in their operations and supply chains. The following Statement of Meta Platforms, Inc. on behalf of its covered subsidiaries1 responds to these requirements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. About Meta. Meta Platforms, Inc. is a publicly traded (NASDAQ: META) multinational social technology company incorporated in Delaware in July 2004 with our corporate headquarters located in Menlo Park, California. As of December 31, 2024, Meta employed 74,067 people worldwide. Our workforce and infrastructure are present in approximately 90 cities around the globe, the majority of which have a sales presence. Additional information can be found on this website. Meta’s Business Operations and Activities. Our mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible. All of our products, including our apps, share the vision of helping to bring the metaverse to life. We build 1 Meta Platforms, Inc. provides this statement on behalf of certain subsidiaries covered by a reporting obligation in their respective jurisdictions, which follow Meta’s corporate policies and processes across our group with respect to our business operations and manufacturing supply chains globally. Currently this includes: Facebook U.K. Ltd. and Meta Financial U.K. Ltd., pursuant to the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015; Meta Australia Pty Ltd (ACN: 134 012 543), pursuant to the Australia Commonwealth Modern Slavery Act 2018; and Facebook Canada Ltd., pursuant to Canada’s Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act. Meta Australia Pty Ltd and Facebook Canada Ltd do not own or control any other entities. Business, Structure, and Supply Chains technology that helps people connect and share, find communities, and grow businesses. Our products enable people to connect and share with friends and family through mobile devices, personal computers, virtual reality (“VR”) and mixed reality (“MR”) headsets, augmented reality, and wearables. Our Family of Apps Products include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, Threads, and WhatsApp. Our current product offerings in VR include our Meta Quest devices, as well as software and content available through the Meta Horizon Store, and augmented reality (“AR”) offerings such as the Ray- Ban Meta smart glasses. Our Family of Apps and product offerings are available around the world, including in the UK, Australia, and Canada. We design and build data centers worldwide as part of Meta’s global infrastructure that brings our technologies and services to life. We also sell advertising placements on our Family of Apps to marketers globally. Meta’s Supply Chain. Meta is part of a complex value chain that touches lives and communities around the globe. As it relates to this Statement, we rely on supply chain partners that provide goods and services across our business operations, as well as supply chain partners who manufacture technology and hardware components necessary to build our infrastructure and consumer hardware products. The manufacturing of our consumer hardware products depends on a small number of third parties, often with significant operations in a single region such as Asia. In 2024, the steps we have taken to prevent and reduce the risk of modern slavery practices in our operations and prioritized manufacturing suppliers have the main elements listed in the following. More details are captured in the subsequent sections. These steps have been consistently and collectively actioned upon our group’s reporting entities and any controlled entities thereof2. ● Conducting internal and external assessments of risks of forced labor and/or child labor ● Conducting due diligence for identifying, addressing, and prohibiting the use of forced labor and/or child labor ● Requiring suppliers to have in place policies and procedures 2 See footnote 1 regarding owned or controlled entities. Key Elements of Meta’s Steps to Prevent and Reduce Risks of Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking to reduce the risk of forced labor and/child labor in their activities and supply chains ● Auditing suppliers and actively engaging with them on issues of addressing forced labor and/or child labor and tracking the performance ● Implementing training and awareness materials on forced labor and/or child labor ● Engaging and collaborating with civil society groups, experts, industry community on addressing forced labor and/or child labor We regularly evaluate risks linked to modern slavery and human trafficking that could be caused by, contributed to, or directly linked to our business operations or supply chains. We consider the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking to be relatively low as our direct business operations leverage the use of advanced technology and do not involve substantial manual labor processes. We are aware that inherent and potential risks of modern slavery and human trafficking could be present in supply chains. These risks exist in supply chains at various levels depending on factors such as the type of product or service provided and geographic location. For example, contingent workers (whether engaged via vendor partners, independent contractors, consultants, or other staffing suppliers) in certain jurisdictions may be at higher risk than those in other jurisdictions of encountering situations of labor exploitation through force, fraud, or deception, including through a third party labor agent, staffing or recruitment agency, or other intermediaries. Additional risks like those related to the International Labor Organization’s (“ILO”) Indicators of Forced Labor could be present in supply chains including: abuse of vulnerability, deception, restriction of movement, isolation, physical and sexual violence, intimidation and threats, retention of identity documents, withholding of wages, debt bondage, abusive working and living conditions, and excessive overtime. Meta identifies the inherent and potential modern slavery and human trafficking risks in our supply chains through mapping of supply chains, conducting desk-based research, using tools to identify high risk work associated with the type of products or Risks of Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking services and geographic locations, supplier surveys, sourcing manager surveys, and continuous supplier and stakeholder engagement. We conduct an annual risk assessment process for suppliers who manufacture our infrastructure data center hardware and consumer hardware products. Based on the results of this assessment we prioritize suppliers who are identified with higher risks related to modern slavery and human trafficking and then work to ensure we engage with these prioritized suppliers on deeper risk assessment or engagement. We regularly assess opportunities to expand risk screening efforts to our extended supply chain. We are committed to achieving the highest standards of quality and integrity in our business operations, and we expect suppliers doing business with Meta and our affiliates to share this commitment. Meta requires that our personnel are trained on and comply with our Code of Conduct, which affirms our commitment to human rights and prohibits violations of law, including labor and employment laws. More specifically, Meta does not tolerate any harassment or mistreatment by or of workers in the workplace or in a work-related situation and is committed to protect anyone raising such a concern from retaliation. Our personnel play an important and integral part in our effort to support better working conditions and prohibit modern slavery and human trafficking across Meta and Meta supply chains. Meta is committed to respecting human rights. To this end, our Corporate Human Rights Policy sets out the standards that we strive to respect under the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, encompassing the International Bill of Human Rights and International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. This includes Article 8 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which states: “[n]o one shall be held in slavery; slavery and the slave trade in all their forms shall be prohibited. No one shall be held in servitude. No one shall be required to perform forced or compulsory labor.” Our Policy also references the Convention on the Rights of the Child which in Article 32 recognizes the “right of the child to be protected from economic exploitation and from performing any work that is likely to be hazardous or to interfere with the child's education, or to be harmful to the child's health or physical, mental, spiritual, moral Policies in Relation to Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking in Our Business Operations and Supply Chains or social development.” Meta is a member of the United Nations Global Compact (“UNGC”) and is committed to working towards the ten principles of the UNGC focused on human rights, labor, environment, and anticorruption. The UNGC’s principles include amongst others the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor and the effective abolition of child labor. Meta engages with priority manufacturing suppliers, which are identified using a risk-based methodology, in the Responsible Supply Chain (“RSC”) program. As part of the program, these suppliers must conform with the RSC program expectations and establish a process to communicate requirements to their suppliers and to monitor supplier compliance. This includes standards on labor, health and safety, the environment, business ethics, and the establishment of management systems in accordance with the Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”) Code of Conduct. The RBA Code of Conduct explicitly prohibits modern slavery and human trafficking in the supply chain. These standards are far reaching and help to prevent and mitigate risks related to modern slavery and human trafficking such as freely chosen employment, young workers, working hours, wages and benefits, humane treatment, non-discrimination, non- harassment, and freedom of association. Further, the RBA Trafficked and Forced Labor - Definition of Fees sets expectations for suppliers on responsible recruitment and employment practices. Meta requires priority suppliers to hold their suppliers and subcontractors to the same standards in the RBA Code of Conduct. In the RSC program expectations, we hold all of our relevant suppliers to additional policies and standards that support safe, healthy, and fair working conditions and help prevent and mitigate modern slavery and human trafficking risks. For example, our suppliers are expected to follow Meta’s best practices in creating and ensuring a respectful workplace. Also, our Electronics Reuse and Recycling Standard applies to suppliers providing recycling and take-back services. This standard requires suppliers’ conformance to the RBA Code of Conduct and explicitly prohibits prison, coerced, forced, bonded or child labor, either directly or indirectly, in the performance of the reuse, recycling and/or takeback services. We communicate requirements and implementation expectations to priority suppliers through an annual notification process, in-person and virtual meetings, supplier business reviews, and a supplier online portal. We expect these suppliers in turn to have contract provisions with their suppliers that require conformance to the RBA Code of Conduct, which includes the prohibition of modern slavery and human trafficking in the supply chain. Business operations Meta generally sources and directly hires our own full-time employees, which allows us control and oversight in managing the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking in our business operations. We use integrated systems and tools in pre- screening and outreach to candidates globally to ensure a consistent and fair process. Our trained and professionally skilled recruiting teams maintain continuous conversation with candidates throughout the recruitment cycle. Meta strives to provide a respectful and safe working environment for all our personnel, regardless of role, position, or employment status, and has zero tolerance for any threats, violence, harassment, coercion, or retaliation. We expect our vendor partners, independent contractors, consultants, and staffing suppliers to commit to the same standards and principles, and they are required to go through the same third party assessment as described below. Meta provides a grievance mechanism, through which an impacted or interested party may report any violations or activities inconsistent with our policies and compliance procedures. Supply chains All our suppliers are required to go through a third party assessment before being onboarded. There is a detailed process in place to ensure that suppliers are assessed prior to being engaged, and periodically reassessed thereafter, depending on the associated risk of the supplier. During the assessment, our specialized teams of subject matter experts review the supplier’s risk profile and the effectiveness of any control measures already in place for each relevant risk area, including environmental, health and safety and human rights, before making recommendations to proceed with initial or continued engagement, or otherwise. Each supplier is assessed according to the use case, nature of work, geographic location, and other relevant features of the engagement or intended engagement. Depending on the results of the assessment, Meta may Due diligence and Remediation Processes introduce additional control measures in the engagement. We routinely perform ongoing third party reassessments on our suppliers depending on the applicable risks. If the risk of forced labor is detected, we activate the mitigation process, and the supplier is disqualified if the risk persists. Once a supplier is onboarded, Meta manages social and environmental risks and issues through our RSC program focused on prioritized manufacturing suppliers for infrastructure and consumer hardware products. We use a cross-functional consultative process and data-driven methodology to identify and assess a wide range of labor, human rights, and environmental risks which include modern slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains. For example, risks are assessed through the RBA’s Risk Assessment Platform and referring to indices such as United Nations Children’s Fund Child Labor Percentages, Walk Free Foundation’s Global Slavery Index, United Nations’ Human Development Index, and the United States Department of State’s Trafficking in Persons Report. We require our sourcing and procurement teams to certify periodically whether they are aware if Meta has ongoing business relationships with companies identified as being associated with forced labor and investigate any risks of forced labor identified through this process. We verify supplier conformance with RSC policies and standards through continuous dialogue, self-assessment questionnaires, independent audits and assessments, corrective action plans, worker surveys, and other forms of assurance. We have a process in place to investigate and respond to serious incidents or allegations including forced labor related to our suppliers. A rubric detailing the risk and impact areas guides and standardizes our decision-making and communications with internal and external partners. We are committed to engaging meaningfully and proactively with our supply chain partners, building supplier capacity, and responding quickly to challenges as they arise. As part of the independent audits and assessments conducted, we utilize the RBA Validated Assessment Program (“VAP”) which is the leading standard for onsite compliance verification and effective, shareable audits. For audits completed in 2024, the most common audit findings were related to working hours and management systems of control process labor, which are categorized under the “Labor” section of the RBA Code of Conduct. The chart below shows the distribution of audit findings across the RBA Code of Conduct sections. 2024 Supplier Audit Conformance Rate by RBA Code Question 2024 Supplier Audit Findings By RBA Code of Conduct Sections To supplement independent audits and assessments, we collect targeted key performance indicator (“KPI”) data to further monitor modern slavery and human trafficking risks. In 2024 we continued to support supply chain worker engagement via anonymous mobile and web-based surveys to collect and analyze worker feedback on topics like job satisfaction, working conditions, grievance mechanisms, and training effectiveness across several countries. Depending on the country where the survey is deployed and whether high-risk factors are present, these surveys have targeted questions to screen for forced labor risks such as the withholding or retention of identity documents and payment of recruitment fees. Based on these surveys and worker responses, we implemented tailored factory improvement programs in partnership with suppliers. These programs were focused on building supplier capacity in areas like RBA Code compliance, strengthening worker communications and grievance mechanisms, and health and safety practices. Any nonconformances identified are actively addressed through our corrective action and key performance indicator programs. We examine nonconformances by reviewing a corrective action plan describing the root cause, proposed remediation actions, and timeline for closure and manage supplier performance improvement through a review process and/or closure audit. We regularly communicate RSC supplier performance management indicators with internal and external partners including senior leadership. In 2024, we engaged a third-party sustainability firm with expertise on supply chain labor standards to support in identifying opportunities in Meta's supply chain due diligence for specifically preventing child labor risks. We have not identified any instance where the most vulnerable families would have experienced a loss of income as a result of our due diligence or mitigation measures in our hardware supply chain. We conduct due diligence, supply chain tracing, and implement supply chain management measures to ensure alignment with global standards for human rights due diligence, including with respect to ethnic and religious minorities from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Our supply chain management measures include a certification process to help ensure no suppliers on the United States Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act entity list are part of our supply chain and that our suppliers communicate these requirements to their next tier suppliers. In anticipation of other forced labor related regulations, we are monitoring the legal and regulatory landscape and ensuring our due diligence processes and procedures take into account new guidance and best practices as they emerge. We regularly assess and track the effectiveness of our actions taken in mitigating the associated risks of modern slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains. We report key performance metrics internally across the business and to leadership teams and conduct trend analysis to monitor and track how effective suppliers are in meeting our expectations. We participate with cross-functional partners in the overall supplier performance management system including attending and providing performance assessment related to social and environmental KPIs to suppliers in regular and executive supplier business reviews. In addition we work with internal teams that define and document controls to confirm our ongoing effectiveness at mitigating supply chain forced labor risks. Regular updates and communications of work in combating modern slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains are communicated to the company through our internal microsite. We actively collaborate with the broader industry and global community to stay up to date on key risk areas and develop solutions that address changes in industry practice. In 2024 we continued to strengthen our supplier responsibility program through building staff capacity, enhancing robust automated RSC management systems, collaborating with stakeholders, and working with independent and third party experts in reviewing and updating our policies, procedures, and practices. In addition to the required training for our personnel on Meta’s Code of Conduct, recommended training regarding the standards set forth in the RBA Code of Conduct is provided to certain key personnel in Meta’s sourcing and procurement, supply chain operations, legal, and compliance teams. Additional targeted training is provided to relevant staff to build capacity in reporting on and addressing nonconformances to the RBA Code of Conduct. We share and track participation in RSC virtual courses, as a part of Meta’s learning management system, focused on modern slavery and human trafficking risks awareness for Meta employees. Assessing Effectiveness We continue to request or encourage (as the case may be) supplier participation at forced labor training and outreach events targeted to human resources professionals, recruiters, labor agents, and corporate social responsibility professionals in the supply chain. We also partner closely with priority suppliers to provide a deeper understanding of the RBA Code of Conduct. For example, in 2024 we continued our work with the Responsible Factory Initiative (“RFI”) to provide support to selected suppliers with training and capacity building activities to build improvements to health and safety protocols, labor conditions, and environmental practices. Through this initiative, participating suppliers received on-site assessments and ongoing consulting support from industry experts to improve their alignment with the RBA Code of Conduct, enhance their management systems, and continue to advance overall social and environmental performance. Following these engagements, we track supplier progress as part of Meta’s focus on supplier development and continuous improvement. We continue to actively look for ways to collaborate and share ideas with the broader industry and global community to update and develop solutions that promote best practices for a responsible supply chain. We are a member of the RBA as well as the Responsible Labor Initiative (“RLI”) which is a multi-industry, multi-stakeholder initiative focused on ensuring that the rights of workers vulnerable to forced labor in global supply chains are consistently respected and promoted. The RLI’s work addresses the root cause of modern slavery and human trafficking, raises awareness about these risks, and provides data and research such as on recruitment corridors and practical guidelines for remediating issues. Additional efforts to combat modern slavery and human trafficking Beyond our business operations and supply chains, we strongly oppose the abuse of our products to facilitate any form of human exploitation and have long-standing policies and protocols to combat any such abuse. To address issues related to modern slavery and human trafficking, Meta continues to work to identify and enhance controls to help detect and respond to potential abuse on our platform. Efforts include: Collaboration and Partnerships Additional Efforts to Combat Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Policies Meta policies across our products prohibit content or behaviors that facilitate human exploitation in its many forms. We developed our policies in consultation with more than twenty organizations and we continually seek to expand and refine our understanding of human exploitation as we amend and update our enforcement guidelines. For more detail, see the Community Standards, Help Center, or our most recent Community Standards Enforcement Report. Response We continue to remove content on Meta that we determine may facilitate or coordinate the exploitation of humans. We look to enact countermeasures – both on our platforms and via our external partnerships – to stop actors and businesses from using our services to commit crimes, and further exploitation. We partner with experts across academia, advocacy, victim services and support, and law enforcement to develop campaigns and pages for our Help Center that address harms such as sex trafficking, organ trafficking, labor exploitation, and human smuggling. In 2024 we continued to expand our programs and tools that go beyond policy enforcement to deter bad actors and support potential victims, including our Search Intercept feature. We expanded Search Interstitials on Facebook to further minimize the risk of users interacting with potentially fraudulent job posts in high risk markets in APAC and AMET. We worked with local partners to collect and translate the top keywords associated with this type of labor exploitation in local languages. The Search Interstitial experience introduces meaningful friction surfacing a warning message when users are typing keywords associated with potentially high-risk job advertisements leading to labor exploitation; it stops users from seeing the search results until they opt into seeing them and it connects potential victims to organizations that can provide support and resources. We are committed to raising human exploitation awareness globally, including by making our Human Exploitation Policies available in a number of languages. We encourage anyone who encounters content on Meta that indicates someone is in immediate physical danger related to modern slavery and human trafficking to contact local law enforcement immediately and report this content to us. Finally, we provide links to local resources available at our Help Center if anyone is a victim of human trafficking or would like resources to share with a potential victim. Partnerships We work with more than 400 safety organizations worldwide, and among them, we work closely with key anti-trafficking experts, including the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, International Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Stop The Traffik, International Justice Mission, International Organization for Migration, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, and ECPAT International. In 2024 we continued our work with Tech Against Trafficking (“TAT”), a coalition of technology companies collaborating with global experts to help eradicate human trafficking using technology. Through the coalition, companies, nonprofits, academics, and relevant stakeholders work together in a collaborative environment to support and accelerate the impact of technology solutions combating human trafficking. Training Additionally, we frequently organize interactive training and learning sessions for our staff who are dedicated to fighting human exploitation across our family of apps and services. We bring in experts from law enforcement, civil society, and nongovernmental organizations to keep our staff up to date on the latest trends and information. We also have a broad cross- functional effort to create and implement relevant training for content moderators and other relevant specialists. Several internal teams deliver training and presentations to various stakeholders and during key business events. We have prepared this annual Statement on the basis of our policies and processes that are implemented in respect of our business operations and manufacturing supply chains. A cross- functional team including representatives from our sustainability, supply chain, and legal departments are in charge of preparing this Statement and consulting with relevant stakeholders. Our consultation process includes the sharing and exchanging of modern slavery and human trafficking risk assessments and due diligence policies and covers all of Meta Platforms, Inc.’s reporting entities. By: /s/ Katherine R. Kelly Katherine R. Kelly Secretary Date: May 30, 2025 Consultation Process