ProxyVote.com - Powered by Broadridge /pv Y Skip to Main Content Language: English English Dansk Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 한국인 Nederlands -34 false characters entered out of Make your proxy vote count today. Enter ProxyVote.com below with your control number or sign in. Vote without signing in Enter your control number: Error Please enable JavaScript in your web browser settings to continue using ProxyVote.com. Error Please enable Cookies in your web browser settings to continue using ProxyVote.com. Forgot your Control Number? Sign in or Create an Account --> Get Started You are now in the Sign In section, which enables access to your available meetings for voting. Sign In To Your Account Your email address Your password Forgot your password? check for the mobile app's captcha validation and tries --> Sign In Create an Account What is a proxy vote? Protected by reCAPTCHA and Google's Privacy Opens in new window and Terms Opens in new window . &copy; Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. ProxyVote and Broadridge are registered trademarks of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. CUSIP is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association. All other trademarks belong to their respective owners. Accessibility Statement Opens in new window Privacy Statement Opens in new window Terms of Use &amp; Linking Policy Opens in new window This link will open a page outside of ProxyVote.com Don't worry - ProxyVote.com will remain open in this window for you to return and finish your session. Cancel Continue Postal Mail Recipients Please enter your control number which is labeled as such or is located in a box with an arrow. E-Mail Recipients Your Control Number can be found next to the field labeled "Control Number" in the body of your email. Control Number should be 13 or 16 digits. Control Number should be 13 digits. You have entered an invalid control number. Please check and re-enter your control number. Please enter your Control Number to continue. Error What is a proxy vote? Public companies and mutual funds hold shareholder meetings where key issues on business strategy or how the organization is governed are discussed. Shareholder meeting attendees are asked to vote on issues that impact the future direction of the company or fund. And while many shareholders do not attend these meetings, they are still able to have their voice heard by voting by proxy. Go to www.shareholdereducation.com to learn more. Why Create a ProxyVote Account? You'll be able to enter ProxyVote.com without a Control Number and access all of the open meeting agendas you are eligible to vote. Please enter your first name First and last names cannot be longer than 64 characters. Please review and try again. Please enter your last name First and last names cannot be longer than 64 characters. Please review and try again. Please enter email address You have entered an invalid email address. Please review and try again. Please enter password Please enter a valid password Please re-enter new password Passwords do not match Invalid phone number Password requirements: Minimum 8 characters 1 uppercase letter 1 lowercase letter 1 number 1 special character The activation code you entered doesn't match the one we emailed to you. Please check it and try again. Please enter code Your password reset code has expired. Please click 'Resend code' to receive a new code. Please enter new password. The password entered is one of your last 5 passwords. Please provide a new password. Thank You If this email address is on file, you will receive an email with a code that will be valid for 10 minutes. Sorry, we're not able to send your email right now. Please try again. The email address you entered did not match our records. Please try again. There are no meetings matching your search Please try again We see that you had previously started to create a ProxyVote account, but did not complete it by verifying your email address. To complete your new ProxyVote account setup, please send a new verification email. This email will expire after 10 minutes. Please verify your email. Check your email at the address you provided and click the "Verify My Email Address" button provided to return to ProxyVote.com, where you will have access to any available meetings. This verification will expire after 10 minutes. This email address is already linked to your account. You have reached the maximum attempts allowed. Password must not contain username. Sorry, we are unable to link the control number you entered. Please try again with a different control number or contact your financial institution for help. The control number you entered is already linked to an email address. Click the Home icon to find this meeting on the My Meetings page - Active Meetings tab. Sorry, we are unable to link control numbers for accounts that are voting on behalf of other shareholders. Please try again with a different control number or contact your financial institution for help. The postal code you entered does not match the one associated with this Control Number. Please note that if you hold shares in a securities account within Japan, even if you create and sign in to an account, your data will not be linked to that account. In order to vote, please reference the proxy notification you received. Please note that if you hold shares in a securities account within Japan, even if you create and sign in to an account, your data will not be linked to that account. In order to vote, please reference the proxy notification you received. Browser Update Recommended --> Internet Explorer is no longer supported and has been replaced with Microsoft Edge. Broadridge recommends you update to Microsoft Edge or another modern browser. Update Later Update Now https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/edge Success! Your email has been verified and your ProxyVote Account is now active. Please open the ProxyVote App on your mobile device and log into your account for access to your account preferences. Close You have exceeded the maximum number of verification email requests. Please try again tomorrow. Your verification link has expired. Resend a new verification email now. Please verify your email Check your email on your mobile device and click the "Verify My Email Address" button provided to return to the ProxyVote app. This verification email will expire after 10 minutes. A verification email has been sent to the address you provided. Please check your email and click the "Verify My Email Address" button provided within 10 minutes to return to ProxyVote.com, where you will have access to any available meetings. false false false false We see that you had previously started to create a ProxyVote account, but did not complete it by verifying your email address. To complete your new ProxyVote account setup, please send a new verification email. This email will expire after 10 minutes. Invalid email address and/or password. Please try again or create an account. For your security, we only allow 5 "Forgot Password" requests per day. For your security, your account has been locked after 5 unsuccessful sign in attempts for 24 hours. You may still vote by entering your control number. Your password was successfully reset Account Does Not Match Control Number You are signing into an account that is not associated with this Control Number. You may click "Continue" to continue with this account. To sign into the account associated with this Control Number, click "Cancel" and enter those Sign In credentials. Cancel Continue We're sorry but there was an error processing your request. Please try again later. You've made 5 password reset requests today. For your security, you may request another code in 24 hours. Enter Your Email Address An email will be sent to you with a verification code. Enter that code and your new password on the Reset Password Page. Email address Submit Resend Code