2018 Corporate Social Responsibility report highlights As we pursue our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more, we see great opportunity for our customers, partners and business. We also recognize that this opportunity comes with significant responsibilities to society. That is why we are continuously working to apply technology in ways that empower all people, strengthen communities globally, and protect our planet. It is also why our policies and business practices are rooted in a commitment to timeless values such as trust, privacy, inclusion, and transparency. This commitment not only guides the products and services we develop, but also how we operate and contribute to society around the world. While we are pleased to share our progress on addressing important societal issues during fiscal year 2018, we understand we must do more, and that our customers, partners, and stakeholders hold us to high standards. Introduction Empowering people Working to help everyone achieve more 61 technology companies joined us in signing the Cybersecurity Tech Accord to protect and empower civilians online. 12 million youth in 54 countries were provided with computer science learning experiences to prepare them for the jobs of tomorrow. Microsoft spent more than $3 billion with minority-, disabled-, veteran-, LGBTQ-, and woman-owned businesses in FY18. Together with the Markle Foundation, we’re on track to empower 50,000 workers by 2020 with the skills they’ll need to succeed in the digital economy. Learners around the world have participated in 96 million Minecraft Hour of Code sessions since 2015 to gain computer science skills. Through TEALS, 1,000+ technology volunteers partnered with teachers to bring computer science education to 13,000 students in 344 U.S. high schools. AI has the potential to address global challenges and advance society. AI for Good is a $115 million commitment to put the power of AI in the hands of those working to address humanitarian crises, advance environmental sustainability, and amplify human capability. Through a combination of financial grants, technology investments, and education, we seek to effect innovation and positive impact in three areas: Impact at a glance: Using the power of AI to solve the world’s most challenging issues Strengthening communities Advancing social and economic opportunity everywhere $1.4 billion in software and services was donated to NGOs who are addressing important societal issues around the world. $158 million was donated by our employees (including Microsoft company match) to NGOs who serve the communities where our employees, customers, and their families live and work. Microsoft Philanthropies supported more than 96,000 NGOs globally, putting us on pace to exceed our goal of empowering 300,000 NGOs by the end of 2020. $30 million in technology and cash donations was provided to emergency response organizations and to humanitarian organizations serving refugees. • AI for Accessibility – Focused on improving the daily lives, employability, and social connection of people with disabilities • AI for Earth – Focused on agriculture, biodiversity, climate change, and access to fresh water • AI for Humanitarian Action – Focused on protecting human rights and supporting disaster response, refugees and displaced people, and the needs of children Learn more: Microsoft.com/AIforgood 100% carbon neutral operations were attained, and we surpassed our goal of sourcing 50% of the electricity used by our datacenters from renewable energy sources by the end of 2018. 75% reduction in carbon emissions is planned through continued carbon neutrality and energy commitments. $50 million over five years dedicated to getting cloud and AI tools in the hands of those solving global environmental challenges. 20% reduction in product packaging weight for new devices in FY18. The societal challenges we all face are complex, and solving them goes beyond what any one organization, industry, or country can do alone. That is why we must collaborate across sectors and borders to foster collective action that accelerates progress and impact. Together, we can do more to empower people, strengthen our communities, and protect the planet. T ogether, we can advance a future that is for everyone. Learn more: Microsoft.com/CSR Photos courtesy of Medical Teams International, Boys & Girls Club of America, CONIN, and Mercy Corps. Join us. Protecting our planet Safeguarding our planet’s most valuable resources Impact at a glance: