Shareholders’ Agreement - Ambev Investor Relations Institutional Overview Executive Board and Board of Directors Dream-People-Culture History Guide to Our Business Financial Highlights Shareholders Information Share monitor tool Payout Agency Ratings Analysts Coverage &amp; Consensus Estimates Listings ADR Program for Foreign Investors Reports &amp; Publications Earnings Release SEC/CVM Filings Sustainability Corporate Governance Bylaws Shareholders’ Agreement Management Policies, Codes and Internal Regulations Differences between corporate governance practices Corporate Restructuring Proposal Presentations Events Calendar Faqs I.R Services Mailing Talk to IR X ~;{}(\[\]):=]/g,'')" required> Shareholders’ Agreement Our two direct controlling shareholders, Interbrew International B.V. (“IIBV”) and AmBrew S.A. (“AmBrew”), both of which are subsidiaries of Anheuser-Busch InBev (“AB InBev”), together with Fundação Antonio e Helena Zerrenner Instituição Nacional de Beneficência (“Fundação Zerrener”), held in aggregate 71.5% of our total and voting capital stock (excluding treasury shares) as of December 31, 2013. AB InBev is a publicly traded company based in Leuven, Belgium. It is the leading global brewer and one of the world‘s top five consumer products companies. Find AB InBev’s website for more information: http://www.ab-inbev.com/ Fundação Zerrener’s mission is to provide mainly medical, hospital and educational assistance to employees and dependants of its sponsor – initially Companhia Antarctica Paulista and, since 1999, Ambev and its controlled companies based in Brazil. The Foundation acts for this cause since September 1936, with support from the endowment left by the couple Helena Mathilde Ida Emma Zerrenner and João Carlos Antonio Frederico Zerrenner, who was one of the founders of the old Companhia Antarctica Paulista , succeeded by Ambev. AB InBev currently indirectly holds shares in Ambev representing 61.8% of the total and voting capital stock (excluding treasury shares). The parties to Ambev Shareholders’ Agreement are IIBV and AmBrew, which represent AB Inbev’s beneficial interest in Ambev, and Fundação Zerrener , as well as Ambev, as intervening party, and AB Inbev, as intervening third-party beneficiary. Among other matters, Ambev Shareholders’ Agreement governs the voting of Ambev common shares subject to the agreement and the voting by Ambev of the shares of its majority-owned subsidiaries. The old Ambev shareholders’ agreement was in effect up to and including July 1, 2019, and was replaced by a new shareholders’ agreement, the Ambev Shareholders’ Agreement, effective since July 2, 2019, considering Fundação Zerrener holds at least 1,501,432,405 Ambev common shares. Click here to download the document effective up to and including July 1, 2019. Click here to download the document effective since July 2, 2019. Overview Executive Board and Board of Directors Dream-People-Culture History Guide to Our Business Financial Highlights Shareholders Information Share monitor tool Payout Agency Ratings Analysts Coverage &amp; Consensus Estimates Listings ADR Program for Foreign Investors Reports &amp; Publications Earnings Release SEC/CVM Filings Sustainability Corporate Governance Bylaws Shareholders’ Agreement Management Policies, Codes and Internal Regulations Differences between corporate governance practices Corporate Restructuring Proposal Presentations Events Calendar Faqs I.R Services Mailing Talk to IR &copy Ambev 2026. All rights reserved Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by MZ