GTC 2024 Highlights “GTC is a front-row seat to what’s happening in AI.” Bloomberg “GTC is a front-row seat to what’s happening in AI.” Bloomberg A New Industrial Revolution CLOUD Demand EDGE 6G, QUANTUM AV, ROBOTICS, INDUSTRIAL DIGITAL TWINS GENERATIVE AI DSL CUDA-X LIBRARIES SUPERCOMPUTING SYSTEMS AND SOFTWARE ONE ARCHITECTURE — CUDA Performance, Ecosystem, Reach Installed Base AGX IGX NIC / DPU SWITCH DSL DSLDSL DATA PROCESSING DATA CENTERS GENOMICS, DRUG DISCOVERY CAD, CAE, SDA WEATHER SIMULATION DSLDSL DSL GPU Apps HGX MGX DGX Cloud OV Cloud CPU “NVIDIA’s moat is its software and ecosystem.” The Edge Singapore The global NVIDIA ecosystem now approaches 5 million developers—capping a record-setting year for new developers. Forty thousand companies have worked with NVIDIA. There are now more than 3,300 GPU-accelerated applications. More than 1,600 generative AI companies are building on NVIDIA. “NVIDIA’s new Blackwell chip is key to the next stage of AI.” Bloomberg The NVIDIA Blackwell platform has arrived—enabling organizations everywhere to build and run real-time generative AI on trillion-parameter large language models at up to 25X less cost and energy consumption than its predecessor. “Meet Blackwell, the new GPU for the AI era.” Engineering.com “NVIDIA moved the ball forward with the latest iteration of its speedy NVLink technology.” HPCWire To accelerate performance for multitrillion- parameter and mixture-of-experts AI models, the latest iteration of NVIDIA NVLink delivers groundbreaking 1.8TB/s bidirectional throughout per GPU. This ensures seamless high-speed communication among up to 576 GPUs for the most complex LLMs. HGX B100 NVLink Switch GB200 Superchip Compute Node Quantum X800 Switch ConnectX-8 SuperNIC Spectrum X800 Switch BlueField-3 SuperNIC “The new AI platform could be a game changer.” Barron’s Generative AI is the defining technology of our time. Blackwell is the engine to power this new industrial revolution. Working with the most dynamic companies in the world, we’ll realize the promise of AI for every industry. “Widespread adoption anticipated.” VentureBeat Among the many organizations expected to adopt Blackwell are Amazon Web Services, Dell Technologies, Google, Meta, Microsoft, OpenAI, Oracle, Tesla, and xAI. Industry Standard APIs Text, Speech, Image, Video, 3D, Biology TensorRT LLM and Triton cuBLAS , cuDNN, In-Flight Batching, Memory Optimization, FP8 Quantization Optimized Model Single GPU, Multi-GPU, Multi-Node Customization Cache P-Tuning, LORA, Model Weights NVIDIA CUDA Triton Inference Server cuDF, CV-CUDA, DALI, NCCL, Post Processing Decoder Cloud Native Stack GPU Operator, Network Operator Enterprise Management GPU Health Check, Identity, Metrics, Monitoring, Secrets Management Kubernetes 100’s of Millions of CUDA GPUs Installed Base “NVIDIA launches NIM to make it smoother to deploy AI models into production.” TechCrunch NVIDIA Inference Microservices are a new way to package and deliver AI software. The curated selection of microservices adds a new layer to NVIDIA’s full-stack computing platform. This layer connects the AI ecosystem of model developers, platform providers, and enterprises with a standardized path to run custom AI models. To help combat the $140 billion in economic losses due to extreme weather brought on by climate change, we announced the Earth-2 digital twin cloud platform for simulating and visualizing weather and climate at unprecedented scale. “NVIDIA has virtually recreated the entire planet—and now it wants to use its digital twin to crack weather forecasting for good.” TechRadar “NVIDIA packages inference to deliver generative AI for healthcare.” Electronics Weekly The new suite of NIM for healthcare offers advanced imaging, natural language and speech recognition, and digital biology generation, prediction, and simulation. We announced a collection of robotics pretrained models, libraries, and reference hardware. We also announced Project GR00T, a general-purpose foundation model for humanoid robots, designed to further our work driving breakthroughs in robotics and embodied AI. “NVIDIA is working to bring AI robots to life.” Barron’s “NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud APIs will elevate digital twins for a new industrial revolution.” VentureBeat NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud will be available as APIs, extending the reach of the world’s leading platform for creating industrial digital twin applications and workflows across the entire ecosystem of software makers. Siemens Pegatron Techman Robot Siemens, HD Hyundai Amazon Robotics Amazon Robotics Agility Robotics Ansys Hexagon Cadence “[NVIDIA] sits on the cusp of an entirely new wave of demand.” UBS What Analysts Said... “Move over Taylor Swift...” Bernstein “The soothsayer of Santa Clara did not disappoint.” Cantor “The leader in AI showcasing innovation across the full stack of accelerated computing.” Cowen “No one else in the industry can match this capability.” Melius “[NVIDIA]’s platform expansion is remarkable...period!” Wells Fargo What Press Said... “NVIDIA’s CEO painted a vision of AI turbocharging computing power.” The New York Times “With Blackwell GPUs, AI gets cheaper and easier, competing with NVIDIA gets harder.” The Next Platform “NVIDIA expects to win outsized chunk of data center spending.” Bloomberg “The NVIDIA frenzy over artificial intelligence has come to this: AI Woodstock.” The Wall Street Journal “Event was a daunting reminder of the speed at which NVIDIA is moving.” Financial Times “GTC can serve as a preview of where the entire field is going.” Fast Company 300,000 Registrations 1,100 Sessions 33M Keynote Views 29,000 Press Articles 19,000 In-Person Attendees 300 Partner Sponsorships Transforming AI Panel: the authors of the seminal research paper—Attention Is All You Need—that introduced the transformer neural network architecture came together at GTC. “GTC: Spearheading AI and accelerated computing innovation.” siliconANGLE “NVIDIA’s GTC conference, not surprisingly, was an absolute whirlwind.” VentureBeat “GTC 2024 was the single most important event in the history of the technology industry.” SiliconANGLE theCUBE “NVIDIA’s conference captured the industry’s attention.” Yahoo Finance “The Generative AI Future Is Now.” HPCWire Engagement with brilliant minds was evident, from ‘Connect with Experts’ sessions to watching industry leaders speak, and even casual encounters in the networking lounge. “For three decades we’ve pursued accelerated computing, with the goal of enabling transformative breakthroughs like deep learning and AI. Generative AI is the defining technology of our time. Blackwell is the engine to power this new industrial revolution. Working with the most dynamic companies in the world, we will realize the promise of AI for every industry.” Jensen Huang “NVIDIA’s AI boom is only getting started.” Fast Company Except for the historical information contained herein, certain matters in this presentation including, but not limited to, statements as to the benefits, features, availability, and impact of NVIDIA’s products and technologies; NVIDIA powering a new industrial revolution; NVIDIA realizing the promise of AI for every industry while working with the most dynamic companies in the world; and third parties using or adopting of NVIDIA products, technologies and platforms, and the benefits and impacts thereof are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements and any other forward-looking statements that go beyond historical facts that are made in this presentation are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; NVIDIA’s reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test NVIDIA’s products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to NVIDIA’s existing product and technologies; market acceptance of NVIDIA’s products or NVIDIA’s partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences and demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of NVIDIA’s products or technologies when integrated into systems and other factors. NVIDIA has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and you should not rely upon the forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The future events and trends discussed in this presentation may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Although NVIDIA believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the company cannot guarantee that future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will occur. Except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. For a complete discussion of factors that could materially affect NVIDIA’s financial results and operations, please refer to the reports NVIDIA files from time to time with the SEC, including NVIDIA’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Copies of reports NVIDIA files with the SEC are posted on NVIDIA’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. Many of the products and features described herein remain in various stages and will be offered on a when-and-if-available basis. The statements within are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as a commitment, promise, or legal obligation, and the development, release, and timing of any features or functionalities described for our products is subject to change and remains at the sole discretion of NVIDIA. NVIDIA will have no liability for failure to deliver or delay in the delivery of any of the products, features or functions set forth herein.