IR Releases - Petrobras Este site depende de JavaScript para funcionar corretamente. Por favor, habilite o JavaScript nas configurações do seu navegador. --> Ative o javascript para visualizar os dados. Skip to main Content Este site depende de JavaScript para funcionar corretamente. Por favor, habilite o JavaScript nas configurações do seu navegador. Go to the content Go to the menu. --> Go to the search. Go to the footer. Investors Faça sua busca Buscar --> pt - hide - en - Overview &#8211; old Fact Sheet-old Shareholding Structure-old Corporate Structure-old Indicators Production and Marketing-old Proved Reserves-old Gasoline and Diesel Price-old Investments-old ROCE-old Net Debt/Adjusted Ebitda-old TRI-old Results and Notices &#8211; old Results Center-old Press Releases-old Teasers-old Notices to Shareholders and Bondholders-old Annual Reports-old Company Presentations-old Calendar of Events-old CVM and SEC Inquiry Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission-old U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission-old Shares, Dividends and Debt &#8211; old Shares-old Dividends-old Debt-old Prospectuses-old Ratings-old Shareholders’ Meeting-old Investors Services &#8211; old Individual Investor FAQ-old Scam and Fraud Alerts-old IR Releases-old Contact IR-old Analysts Coverage-old Downloads Center-old Glossary-old IR Team-old ESG: Environmental, Social &amp; Governance &#8211; old Strategies and Commitments-old Presentations, Reports and Webinars-old ESG Data-old Controversies-old Management-old Environment-old Social-old Governance-old Home &#8211; old Privacy Notice Terms &amp; Conditions of Use Overview Fact Sheet Shareholding Structure Indicators Production and Commercialization Proved Reserves Gasoline and Diesel Price Investments Net Debt/Adjusted Ebitda Organization Chart ESG: Environment, Social and Governance Environment Social Governance Presentations and Webinars Indicators Controversies Management Results and Announcements Results Center Releases Teasers Notice to Shareholders Notice to Debenture Holders CVM Fillings SEC Presentations, Reports and Events Presentations Annual Reports Events Shares, Dividends and Global Bonds Shares Declared Earnings: Paid and To be Paid Global Bonds Ratings Investor Services Individual Investor Production and Commercialization Common Questions IR Releases Income Tax Reports Scam and Fraud Alerts Contact IR Common Questions IR Releases Analyst Coverage Download Center Glossary Search for Home page - Meio Ambiente Social Governança Estratégias e Compromissos Apresentações e Relatórios Indicadores Controvérsias Administração --> IR Releases You can find on this page: Mudanças Climáticas --> Please enable JavaScript to submit this form. Quick Access Notice to the Market Results Center Events Business Plan IR Releases IR Releases Last updated on February 22, 2021 . Petrobras Fact Sheet Shareholding Structure Indicators Organization Chart ESG Environment Social Governance Presentations and Webinars Indicators Controversies Management Information to the Market Results Center Releases Notice to Shareholders and Debenture Holders Teasers Presentations Annual Reports Events General Shareholder SEC Stocks, Dividends, and Bonds Dividends and IOC Global Bonds Ratings Prospects Shares IR Services Contact IR Common Questions Income Tax Reports IR Releases Analyst Coverage Scam and Fraud Alerts Glossary Ombudsman-General Office Accessibility Privacy Notice Privacy and Data Protection Policies and Terms of Use pt - hide - en - Sac Petrobras 0800 728 9001 ©Copyright Petrobras RI 2026. All rights reserved. The Forms made available on the Company's website are not intended for institutional advertising purposes, as they are copies of documents filed before regulatory bodies of the capital markets in Brazil or abroad, in compliance with applicable legislation, including CVM Resolution No. 80/2022, Law No. 6,404/1976, Law No. 13,303/2016, the Securities Act of 1993 and the Securites Exchange Act of 1994. Close