Terms and Conditions of Use - Santander RI You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. Contact IR IR Mailing Accessibility Contrast A+ a- PT --> Investor Relations ~;{}(\[\]):=]/g,'')" required> Accessibility Contrast A+ a- PT About Santander Brasil Our story Management Board and Corporate Governance Shares Ratings Dividend History Sustainability Results and Reports Earnings Results Reports and Presentations Economic Research Corporate Information Notices and Material Facts Calendar of Events Secured Real Estate Notes (LIG) Risk Management Ownership Structure Minutes and Shareholders Meetings Bylaws, Code and Policies Santander CVM Santander SEC Investor Services Contact IR FAQ (Portuguese Only) Analysts Coverage Contact IR IR Mailing ~;{}(\[\]):=]/g,'')" required> Terms and Conditions of Use Home / Home &#8211; EN / Terms and Conditions of Use Navigation and public searching of this website are subject to the Terms and Conditions below: Guarantees, Responsibilities and Damages 1. Banco Santander does not guarantee that the contents, instruments and materials contained, utilized and offered in this website are exactly up-to-date or complete and does not accept responsibility for damages caused by eventual errors of content or shortcomings of equipment. 2. The Bank does not accept express or tacit responsibility for the improper use of the information, instruments or materials made available and/or of the equipment used for this website, for whatever purpose made by any user, who has entire responsibility for eventual harm done to their own rights or of third parties, whether or not caused by this improper use. 3. Under no circumstances, will Banco Santander, its directors, executive officers or employees be held responsible for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential losses or expenses arising out of the connection with this website or use on its part or incapacity of use by anyone, or with regard to any shortcoming in performance, error, omission, interruption, defect or delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or breakdown of line or of the system, even if the Bank or its representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses 4. The adequate provisioning of all the resources of the Internet, without exception, is the entire responsibility of the user of this website. 5. Banco Santander does not accept responsibility for the contents of other websites (a) whose addresses are available on the pages of this website or (b) the address of whose website is available to them. The Bank does not guarantee the compensation of any damage caused by the websites mentioned in this item. 6. With regard to the exchange of messages between the user and Banco Santander through the Internet, please consult its Privacy Policy. 7. An investment in securities involves a high degree of risk. Please review the Bank‘s Risk Factors. Confidential Nature of the User‘s Information Banco Santander reserves the right to improve the functioning of this website because of the analysis and consolidating of the information and suggestions collected and of the opportunities of these for all of the users of the website. For further advice on the use of information collected at this website, please consult its Privacy Policy. Author‘s Copyrights and Intellectual Property Unless there is any regulation to the contrary, all the contents of the pages of this website, such as information, materials, tools, paging, graphs and drawings belong to Banco Santander or to third parties, who have legally ceded their rights of usage. Note : Having accessed this website and some of its pages, the user will have automatically accepted all the Terms and Conditions here laid down. Therefore, please cease the navigation and public searching of the pages of this website in the event of your not agreeing with all of the above Terms and Conditions. Av. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek 2041/2235 - Vila Olímpia - São Paulo/SP. Work with us Sustainability Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions of Use LGPD © 2026 Banco Santander (Brazil) S.A., CNPJ: 90.400.888/0001-42 Powered by MZ