Sustainabillity Report 2022 - Vale Pular para o Conteúdo principal A+ A- Contraste Change language to English Fechar About PT Vale Indonesia Voltar About PT Vale Indonesia Descrição da página Acesse a página About PT Vale Indonesia Acesse a página Our Purpose and Values Acesse a página Our history in Indonesia Acesse a página Our Organization Acesse a página Indonesia Growth Projects Acesse a página Awards and Certifications Governance Voltar Governance Descrição da página Acesse a página Governance Acesse a página Board of Directors Acesse a página Board of Commisioners Acesse a página Committees Acesse a página Corporate Secretary Acesse a página Corporate Governance Policy Acesse a página Risk Management Acesse a página Anti-Corruption Program Acesse a página Whistleblowing System Investors Voltar Investors Descrição da página Acesse a página Investors Acesse a página Major and Controlling Shareholders Acesse a página Investor Relation Publications Acesse a página Financial Highlights Acesse a página General Meeting of Shareholders Acesse a página Shares Information Acesse a página Dividend Acesse a página Capital Market Supporting Institutions and/or Professionals Sustainability Voltar Sustainability Descrição da página Acesse a página Sustainability Acesse a página Environment Voltar Environment Descrição da página Acesse a página Environment Acesse a página Post Mining Rehabilitation Acesse a página Biodiversity Acesse a página Sawerigading Wallacea Biodiversity Park Acesse a página Water and Effluent Management Acesse a página Emission Acesse a página Waste Acesse a página Social Voltar Social Descrição da página Acesse a página Social Acesse a página Our People Acesse a página Diversity, Equity, Inclusion Acesse a página Occupational Health and Safety Acesse a página Human Rights Acesse a página Community Acesse a página Social Development Program Acesse a página East Luwu Community Scholarship Acesse a página Practical Work and Student Research Acesse a página Sustainability Report Acesse a página IRMA Audit Transparency and Policies Voltar Transparency and Policies Descrição da página Acesse a página Transparency and Policies Acesse a página Towuti Oil Leakage Recovery Acesse a página Our Policy Suppliers Voltar Suppliers Descrição da página Acesse a página Suppliers Opportunities in Indonesia Voltar Opportunities in Indonesia Acesse a página Opportunities in Indonesia Acesse a página Life at PT Vale Indonesia Acesse a página Opportunities in Indonesia Acesse a página Recruitment Stages ESG Voltar ESG Acesse a página ESG Acesse a página ESG Governance Acesse a página ESG Strategy Acesse a página ESG Risk Management Voltar ESG Risk Management Acesse a página ESG Risk Management Acesse a página ESG Risk Assesment Acesse a página ESG Roadmaps Acesse a página ESG Flagship Programs Acesse a página ESG Ratings and Awards All News Voltar All News Descrição da página Acesse a página All News Acesse a página JWPC 2025 Winners Fechar Barra de busca Busque em toda a Vale... é uma sugestão de pesquisa popular Links rápidos Acesse a página Board of Directors Acesse a página Whistleblowing System Acesse a página Suppliers Acesse a página Investor Relation Publications Acesse a página ESG Ir para o rodapé ALT + T Ir para a página inicial Ir para página sobre Acessibilidade Aumentar tamanho de fonte do site Diminuir tamanho de fonte do site Trocar entre modo de alto contraste e modo normal Abrir pesquisa do site Indonésia Sustainability Sustainabillity Report 2022 Foto: Vale Indonesia Foto: Vale Indonesia Transforming Values, Preparing for the Future About the Theme Our role as a nickel mining company has become increasingly strategic, especially in the era of global decarbonization. The nickel we process will be adopted in products that enable the reduction of carbon emissions around the world. Our commitment is derived from our purpose, which is to improve the quality of life, and build a better future. Together. More about our Purpose click the + button to expand and learn more about our report Message from the CEO Dear respected stakeholders, Today's evolving global dynamics place greater importance on environmental and social aspects to mitigate risks and support sustainable economic performance in the future. Throughout 2022, we recorded positive achievements in environmental, social, governance and economic management performance. We have set a Road Map Towards Carbon Neutral 2050, to realize our commitment to reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions scope 1 and 2 by 33% by 2030 and towards net zero emissions by 2050. We would like to thank all stakeholders for the support given to PT Vale in implementing sustainability practices. Febriany Eddy CEO & President Director PT Vale Indonesia Tbk Fotógrafo: xxxx About Our Sustainability Report We have prepared the Sustainability Report in compliance with existing laws and regulations, namely Law No. 40 of 2007 and OJK Regulations. The preparation of the report refers to the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The report and its appendices also include indicators from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Fotógrafo: xxxx Determining Material Topics There were no changes in the material topics from the previous reporting period. The material topics were determined using a sample survey form and through a discussion involving internal and external stakeholders. The discussion was facilitated by an independent party acting as an expert team. The results of the discussion selected ten material topics according to the sustainability context and aligned with support for achieving SDGs. Download PT Vale Sustainability Report 2022 (in pdf format) Environment Environmental Management Sustainability Performance In 2022, we implemented five environmental commitments, namely low-carbon agenda, reducing landfill loads, reducing the intensity of water consumption, reclaiming ex-mining land, rehabilitating land outside concessions, and conserving biodiversity. GHG emission intensity Ton CO2eq/Ton Ni 29.50 GHG emission reduction Ton CO2eq 330,668 SO2 intensity Ton SO2/Ton Ni 0.72 Low Carbon Agenda We operated the Sorowako nickel plant with a carbon intensity of 29.50 Ton CO2 eq/Ton Ni, the lowest in Indonesia. In accordance with our carbon neutral roadmap, we have undertaken several initiatives, including smart energy monitoring, optimization studies for the Larona hydropower plant, electric heavy vehicle trials, and boiler heating up package improvements. We also made achievements in energy efficiency. Among them is the use of B30 biodiesel biofuel (BBN) which managed to reduce 30% of fossil fuel use. For our energy efficiency achievements, in 2022, we received ISO 50001 Energy Management System issued by TÜV Rheinland. Green PROPER is given to companies that have carried out environmental management beyond compliance, including the implementation of waste reuse-reduce-recycle (3R), the application of Life Cycle Assessment (LCA), reducing water pollution burden, and community empowerment. Reduction of Waste to Landfill In 2022, we continued our policy of reducing landfill load by referring to the policy on PROPER. Waste management was carried out through efforts to reduce, reuse, recycle, and recover (4R). During the reporting period, no hazardous waste was shipped internationally and there were no spills of environmentally hazardous waste materials. Waste Management Performance Description Unit 2022 2021 Non-industrial domestic waste generation Ton 670 1,001 dolor. Separation of non-industrial domestic waste generation % 15.23 10.17 Non-hazardous industrial waste Ton 13,792 8,721 Land Reclamation and Rehabilitation PT Vale carries out progressive reclamation of ex-mining land with a target of 70% of the land to be reclaimed by 2025, as well as rehabilitation of watersheds. The total rehabilitated land until 2022 reached 10,280 hectares, consisting of 10,000 hectares outside the operational area, and 295.5 hectares within the operational area. We have also planted 3.7 million trees, including 17,631 endemic species. Total Mine Area Reclaimed in 2022 295.43 hectares Accumulated Reclamation until 2022 3,500.22 hectares Number of Local Trees Planted 49,242 trees Number of Endemic Trees Planted 17,631 trees Our commitment to land reclamation and rehabilitation are supported with financial allocations as part of the environmental cost component in the Company's Financial Statements. Realized environmental management costs in 2022 amounted to USD 20,142,498 for Sorowako and Pomalaa areas. In addition to rehabilitating watersheds outside the concession area of 10,000 hectares, we were also trusted by the Ministry of Environment and Forestry to rehabilitate 435 hectares of watersheds in six sub-districts in West Java Province. Until 2022, we have handed over 140 hectares of critical land in rehabilitated watersheds to the Ministry of Environment and Forestry. Land Management and Biodiversity Performance Description Unit 2022 2021 2020 Land Area Rehabilitated Ha 295.43 283.74 176.24 Accumulated Land Area Rehabilitated & Reclaimed Ha 3,500.22 3,249.11 3,012.44 Number of Trees Planted Trees/Ha 179,993 219,595 104,333 Number of Local Trees Trees 49,242 10,761 31,837 Number of Endemic Trees Trees 17,631 22,206 11,140 Implementation of post-mining rehabilitation involves local communities that have received training, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), government, and other third parties. (NGOs), government, and other third parties. Periodically, the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources conducts monitoring and evaluation of success until a land is eligible to be handed over to the Government through the Ministry of Environment and Forestry. Success criteria include land stewardship, revegetation, and final completion standards, in accordance with Regulation of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources No.26 of 2018 and Decree of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources No.1827K/30/MEM/2018 concerning Guidelines for the Implementation of Good Mining Engineering Rules. Social People (Social) Management Sustainability Performance We are committed to implementing people management or social management in accordance with the sustainability principles in ICMM. These principles cover human rights, social performance, stakeholder relations, and health and safety. Social Program Description Unit 2022 2021 2020 Number of Programs/Activities Unit 82 54 28 Total fund Million USD 4.9 2.6 4.1 Estimated Number of Beneficiaries Individu 15.540 43.205 21.000 In 2022, we have implemented 82 Community Development and Empowerment (PPM) programs. This figure has increased significantly compared to previous years. Our PPM contributed to the achievement of Green PROPER, in the aspect of community empowerment program performance. Our PPM also received recognition in eight award categories from six related institutions, such as the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources for the Most Innovative PPM program in the Health sector, the Indonesian Sustainable Development Goals Award-BPN Bappenas, and the Sustainable Village Development Award from the Ministry of Villages, Development of Disadvantaged Regions, and Transmigration. Regional Contribution We provided the largest contribution of the mining sector to 44% of the Gross Regional Domestic Product (GRDP) of East Luwu Regency. Support for the local economy was also realized with the granting of Sorowako Airport to the South Sulawesi Provincial Government, through the signing of the Deed of Release on May 12, 2022. The management of Sorowako Airport by the local government is expected to support the tourism industry and agribusiness in East Luwu and South Sulawesi. We sucessfully built warm relationships with the Kolaka Regency Government and Morowali Regency Government. In 2022, we signed a cooperation in Pomalaa Block, Kolaka Regency for technical skills support on Healthy Environmentally Friendly and Sustainable Agriculture (PRSLB) program. Meanwhile, in Morowali, we worked together, among others, through the renovation of the Bahomotefe Health Center, capacity building programs for business people and PKK mothers, ambulance grants, and certified training for the local workforce in 13 assisted villages. Since its establishment, PT Vale has been committed to benefitting community members in its working areas. The company has contracted 11,000 local people, either as employees or suppliers/partners, 87% of which come from East Luwu Regency and other areas in South Sulawesi. Governance Sustainability Governance Performance PT Vale prioritizes compliance with regulations in all aspects of its activities and all development projects are assessed for the fulfillment of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) aspects that refer to ICMM and IFC. Production Performance In 2022, we recorded a production of 60,090 tons of nickel in matte, with a net profit of USD 200,400 . There were no changes in PT Vale's scope of activities or products produced during 2022, with the previous period. We also recorded an increase in the number of local suppliers Economic Value Distributed Total economic value distribution in 2022 was USD1,047,489,000, an increase from the previous year of USD842,205. The economic value distributed consists of operating costs, employee salaries and benefits, payments to the government, and investments for the community. Operating Costs 777,065 Employee Salaries and Allowances 91,819 Payments to Government 178,676 Investments in the Communities 4,929 Transparency through the Vale Whistleblower Channel (VWC) As a manifestation of the Company's values, we operate VWC, a channel for reporting Code of Conduct violations. VWC is managed independently to ensure confidentiality, independence, neutrality in investigation, and information retention. Description 2022 2021 2020 Number of Reports Received 27 33 74 Percentage of Valid Reports 74% 85% 99% Number of Reports Followed Up 20 28 74 Certification and External Awards Certification Certificate No. ID004085 by Bureau Veritas for ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Systems. Scope: Mining, processing plant of nickel, including its support and services. Certificate No. LP-1729-DN by the National Accreditation Committee for ISO/IEC 17025:2017 General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories Certificate No. 01 407 2135341 by TÜV Rheinland for ISO 50001 Energy Management System. Scope: Mining and processing of Nickel Matte Product Aside from Green PROPER, we received external awards and appreciations troughout 2022, including: The ‘Highly Commended’ award at the 2022 Sustainable Business Awards. Organized by the Global Initiatives, PwC, the Indonesia Business Council for Sustainable Development (IBCSD), and the Indonesia Business Coalition for Women Empowerment (IBCWE). “Strengthening the Economic Institutional Pillar, Joint Village-Owned Enterprises” Program in 2022 The award was given by the Ministry of Villages, Development of Disadvantaged Regions, and Transmigration, in collaboration with the Indonesian Social Sustainability Forum (ISSF). 2022 Good Mining Practice (GMP) Awards organized by the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources: An Environmental Management trophy from the group of mining businesses with a work contract. Aditama awards for Mining Technique Management, Mining Environment Management, and Mineral and Coal Conservation. The 2022 Subroto Award in the Mineral Commodity Category for the Most Innovative Community Development and Empowerment Program in the Health Sector from the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources It is the highest award for stakeholders who are considered to have contributed to development through the energy and mineral resources sector. Learn more Download PT Vale Sustainability Report 2022 (in pdf format) Sustainability Archive Sustainability Report 2023 Vale Investors Atualizar preferências de cookies ESG E-Procurement Whistleblower Channel Suppliers Investor Relation Publications Board of Directors Our Policy Acessibilidade Investors Dividend Capital Market Supporting Institutions and/or Professionals Financial Highlights General Meeting of Shareholders Shares Information © Vale | Todos os direitos reservados. Vale Investors Atualizar preferências de cookies © Vale | Todos os direitos reservados. Vale ESG E-Procurement Whistleblower Channel Suppliers Investor Relation Publications Board of Directors Our Policy Acessibilidade Investors Investors Dividend Capital Market Supporting Institutions and/or Professionals Financial Highlights General Meeting of Shareholders Shares Information Oculto