1 Exhibit 1.01 MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR Contents I. Introduction .............................................................................................................................................................................. 2 II. Due Diligence Framework ................................................................................................................................................... 2 OECD Step #1: Establish Strong Company Management Systems ..................................................................... 3 1. Company Policies ................................................................................................................................................. 3 2. Internal Management Team and Corporate Approval .......................................................................... 4 3. System of Supply Chain Controls, Data Disclosure, and Due Diligence Assurance .................... 4 4. Leveraging Industry Partnerships for Greater Impact ............................................................................ 5 5. Supplier Engagement to Ensure Conformance ........................................................................................ 6 6. Grievance Mechanism ........................................................................................................................................ 7 OECD Step #2: Identify and Assess Risk in the Supply Chain ................................................................................ 7 Figure 1. CMRT Response Rate (2013-2022 Reporting Years) ............................................................ 8 OECD Step #3: Design and Implement a Strategy to Respond to Risks ........................................................... 8 7. Microsoft Supplier Specifications - H00594, H00642, and H02050 .................................................. 8 8. Implementation of OECD Guidance ............................................................................................................. 9 OECD Step #4: Independent Third-Party Audits of Supply Chain Due Diligence .......................................... 9 OECD Step #5: Report on Supply Chain Due Diligence ........................................................................................... 9 III. Conflict Mineral Disclosure .............................................................................................................................................. 10 Reasonable Countries of Origin of 3TGs .................................................................................................................... 10 Figure 2. Identified SORs by Audit Status (2013- 2022 Reporting Years) ................................... 11 3TG Countries of Origin .................................................................................................................................................... 12 IV. Microsoft Commitment ..................................................................................................................................................... 13 Appendix A: Eligible Smelters and Refiners for 2022 Reporting Year .................................................................... A-1 EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 2 I. Introduction This Conflict Minerals Report (“CMR”) for MICROSOFT CORPORATION (“Microsoft”) is filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as an exhibit to Microsoft’s Form SD pursuant to Rule 13p-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “Rule”) for the 2022 R eporting Year (“RY”) (January 1, 2022- December 31, 2022).1 The CMR covers all Microsoft majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities that are subject to the Rule. 2 During the 2022 Reporting Year, covered devices included the Surface line of computers, tablets, mobile phones, and accessories; Xbox gaming consoles and accessories; p ersonal computing accessories (mice, headsets, and keyboards); and HoloLens mixed reality device. Our commitment to the responsible sourcing of raw materials is established by Microsoft’s Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials (“RSRM”) Policy, which guides our work to ensure that all r aw materials used in our devices, unbounded by specific materials or locations, are sourced from responsible suppliers. We commit to the responsible sourcing of tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold (“3TGs”) from Conflict Affected and High -Risk Areas (“CAHRAs"), including the Democratic Republic of the Congo (“DRC”) or DRC-adjoining countries (each a “Covered Country” under the Rule), rather than restricting or avoiding sourcing from such regions. We do this in in recognition of the harmful societal and economic impacts that curtailing 3TG mineral sourcing from such regions might cause. Based o n our supply chain due diligence, we determined that 3TGs that were necessary to the functionality or production of devices we manufactured or contracted to manufacture during the 2022 Reporting Year may have originated in a Covered Country. II. Due Diligence Framework This CMR is based on Microsoft Devices’ Due Diligence Framewo rk (“Due Diligence Framework”), which conforms to the Organisation for Economic Co -operatio n and Development (“OECD”) Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict -Affected and High-Risk Areas and its related Supplements (“OECD Guidance”). 1 This CMR contains links to internal and external websites for informational purposes only. References to such websites and information available through such websites are not incorporated into this CMR. Additionally, this CMR includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward - looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions regarding the future implementation of our responsible sourcing program and are subject to change. Statements in this CMR are based on due diligence activities that were performed in good faith and to the best of our ability at the time of this filing. Factors that could affect the accuracy of such statements include, but are not limited to, incomplete or incorrect data submitted by suppliers, amendments to the Rule or SEC guidance. 2 Throughout this CMR, we use “Microsoft,” “Microsoft Devices,” “we,” “our,” “us” and similar terms to refer to Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries and various interest entities subject to the Rule (collectively, “Microsoft”), unless otherwise indicated. EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 3 Our Devices supply chain contains many layers of upstream suppliers positioned between Microsoft and 3TG r aw material mines and Smelters or Refiners (“SORs”). We use contractua l provisions to require our direct suppliers to disclose 3TG sourcing information through the industry standard Conflict Mineral Reporting Template (CMRT) and meet audi t requirements regarding the sources and chains of custody of 3TGs necessary for the functionality or production of our covered devices. We also require our direct suppliers to cascade down Microsoft requirements regarding 3TG sources and chains of custody to their own suppliers. In this manner, we work to promote responsible sourcing across our direct and indirect supply chains. Our due dil i gence actions go beyond the Rule and OECD Guidance by including several quality assurance steps. We review all supplier responses to identify and address any inaccuracies or inconsistencies in the 3TG sourcing data that is reported to us. We engage a third party to review all 3TG sourcing data reported to us, to conduct enhanced research and due diligence on identified SORs. If a non-conformant SOR is reported by a supplier, we work with the supplier to engage with the SOR to bring them into conformance. If the SOR is no t interested or not able to become conformant, we instruct suppliers to remove the SOR from their supply chain and source from conformant alternatives or face business termination with Microsoft. We also survey our supply chain for minerals beyond 3TGs and beyond the Covered Countries consistent with our RSRM Policy, which is unbounded by specific materials or location. In addition to the CMRT survey, which is focused on 3TGs, we require our in-scope suppliers to report on their use of cobalt and other priority minerals, including aluminum, copper, gallium, lithium, nickel, silicon, and rare earth elements. OECD Step #1: Establish Strong Company Management Systems 1. Company Policies Microsoft’s commitment to corporate responsibility and integrity guides everything we do as a company. We have established high ethical standards to govern the way we conduct our business, which also apply to our suppliers and business partners. Microsoft p olicies include the Microsoft Global Human Rights Statement, Microsoft Supply Chain Human Rights Policy S tatement, Trust Code, and our Supplier Code of Conduct. These policies establish Microsoft expectat ions for our suppliers concerning legal and regulatory compliance; business practices and ethics; human rights and fair labor practices; health and safety; environmental protection; and data and privacy protection. As previously described, our RSRM Policy describes our commitment to responsibly source raw materials. This pledge extends to the harvesting, extraction, and transportation of raw materials, unbounded by specific material or location, and supports implementation of programs that advance the use of responsibly sourced minerals in our manufactured devices Our policies are based on internationally recognized standards, including the following declaration and covenants: Universal Declaration of Human Rights, International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. Our business operations EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 4 are informed by human rights guidelines described in the following documents: International Labour Organization’s (“ILO”) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rig hts at Work, OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, and the United Nations Global Compact. A s a global Information and Communications Technology company operating in more than 100 countries, we respect all human rights - civil, political, economic, social, and cultural; and our supplier requirements expect the same level of commitment. 2. Internal Management Team and Corporate Approval A cross-functional internal team supports CMR development. Microsoft’s Senior Director of Devices Responsible Sourcing sponsors the team, which consists of representatives from Devices Manufacturing and Sourcing; Responsible Sourcing; Corporate, External and Legal Affairs; Information Services; Product Environmental Compliance; Global Trade; Finance; and Public Relations. The team assesses program progress, identifies steps needed to meet our compliance obligations, and identifies areas for continuous improvement. The team annually develops, reviews, and submits the final CMR to Microsoft’s President for approval and signature before being filed as an E xhibit to Microsoft’s Form SD and posted on the Microsoft website pursuant to the Rule. 3. System of Supply Chain Controls, Data Disclosure, and Due Diligence Assurance Our Due Diligence Framework is based on a system of supply chain controls, data disclosure, and due diligence assurance. Our contracts require our suppliers to meet Microsoft specifications. Our environmental compliance specifications - H00594, Restricted Substances for Hardware Products; and H00642, Microsoft Restricted Substances Control System for Hardware Products (both available at this link) - require the d isclosure of every substance contained in the materials, components, and products supplied to us, including 3TGs, by weight. We require suppliers to annually submit a CMRT, providing source and chain of custody information for 3TGs that are contained in the products and components they supply to us. Our contracts also require suppliers to obtain the same information from their upstream suppliers. We collect these supply chain disclosures, conduct controls to ensure data integrity, and assess 3TG sourcing risk. Microsoft supply chain mineral disclosure requirements go beyond 3TGs and cover additional prioritized minerals. Since 2019, we have required suppliers to report on their use of cobalt, using the Responsible Minerals Initiative’s Extended Minerals Reporting Template (“EMRT”). In 2020, w e expanded our due diligence requirements and began collecting data on aluminum, copper, lithium, magnesium, and nickel using the Microsoft Material Reporting Templa te (“MMRT”). In 2022, we worked with the Responsible Minerals Initiative (“RMI”) t o develop a common industry standard template to facilitate the gathering of data on additional minerals beyond 3TG, and cobalt. RMI’s new Pilot Reporting Template (“PRT”) has replaced ou r MMRT for RY 2022. Further, in 2022, we completed a regular minerals prioritization exercise, whereby we redefined and expanded the scope of our data collection beyond 3TG and cobalt to include aluminum, copper, gallium, lithium, nickel, silicon, and rare earth elements. These additional m aterials are prioritized EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 5 through an extensive internal review and risk analysis of the materials present in our products. This regular prioritization exercise ensures that the materials on which we focus are representative of identified need, and thus this list is dynamic over time. For example, in RY 2022 we added gallium, silicon, and rare earth elements to our priority list; meanwhile, we removed magnesium from our priority list as its risk profile – including the level of consumption of the material – had decreased year-on-year. M icrosoft Devices’ Supplier Social and Environmental Accountability Manual (“H02050”) provides an operational framework for Microsoft to achieve supplier conformance with Microsoft’s Supplier Code of Conduct and other responsible sourcing requirements. H02050 establishes a minimum set of requirements that suppliers must meet, including compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to labor, ethics, occupational health and safety, and protection of the environment. Suppliers are encouraged to go beyond legal compliance by meeting relevant international standards (e.g., ILO and relevant United Nations C onventions) and committing to a process of continuous improvement. H02050 requires all in-scope suppliers to: • A dopt a company policy for raw material sourcing, including a commitment to source raw materials from responsible sources and clearly communicate such policy to their suppliers and the public; • Exercise due diligence on the source and chain of custody of high-risk raw materials, including 3TGs, contained in materials, products, or parts supplied to Microsoft; • Require SORs to participate in the Responsible Mining Assurance Process (“RMAP”) or an equivalent independent, third-party audit program for 3TGs; and • Timely communicate potential sourcing risks to Microsoft and propose a contingency plan and mitigation strategy to achieve conformance. • Establish a system to gather, examine, and verify sourcing information for raw materials, including 3TGs, contained in products supplied to Microsoft and request their upstream suppliers to do the same. This supply chain transfer of audit data, source and chain of custody information, and risk assessment enables and facilitates raw material due diligence, mapping, and transparency. M icrosoft works with its suppliers to use SORs that are conformant to RMAP or another equivalent independent, third-party audit program for 3TGs. If we find that a supplier has introduced responsible sourcing risk to the Microsoft supply chain, such as use of an upstream SOR that is not conformant, Microsoft engages with such supplier to address the non-conformance. Risks are mitigated by supplier engagement, corrective actions, audits, training, and business termination when appropriate. These controls and related documentation are detailed in H02050 and Microsoft internal operating procedures. 4. Leveraging Industry Partnerships for Greater Impact We leverage partnerships with industry peers and partners to scale our responsible sourcing impact. Microsoft is a long-standing member of the Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”) and the RMI. The EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 6 RMI is one of the most utilized and respected resources for supply chain minerals due diligence and is aligned to the OECD Guidance. The RMI operates and manages the RMAP, which uses independent, third-party audits to assess, monitor, and validate whether SORs process 3TGs from sources that directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups in a CAHRA, including Covered Countries. In 2022, Microsoft provided direct financial support to the RMI upstream smelter due diligence fund to further the reach and success of the RMAP. Microsoft also supported the development of a new RMI minerals reporting template, known as the PRT, which provides a common, industry standard tool for the collection of mineral supply chain data on any mineral outside the scope of either the CMRT or EMRT. This new reporting template will help suppliers disclose data on a broader range of critical minerals, aligning with Microsoft’s expanded supply chain disclosure requirements for aluminum, copper, gallium, lithium, nickel, silicon, and rare earth elements. We also work outside of our supply chain to promote responsible mining practices in CAHRAs, including Covered Countries, by partnering with organizations, including the RMI, the Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance (“IRMA”), the Pub lic-Private Alliance for Responsible Minerals Trade (“PPA”), and others. In this manner, we go beyond the minimum due diligence established by the OECD Guidance to assess and reduce our supply chain sourcing risk and improve working conditions in raw material supply chains. 5. Supplier Engagement to Ensure Conformance We apply several supplier-focused strategies to promote responsible mining and sourcing, including the supplier engagement tools set forth below. • Supplier Requirements: We require our suppliers to meet our material disclosure requirements and related responsible sourcing policies through contractual provisions and product specifications. We communicate, monitor, and track supplier adhere nce to these requirements, ensuring conformance through the Microsoft Audit Management System (“AMS”). • Training: We train suppliers on our responsible sourcing requirements through classes, educational forums, and direct commu nications. The “SEA Academy” is part of the supplier on-boarding process. E xisting suppliers and newly onboarded suppliers are required to complete training modules to understand and implement Microsoft Social and Environmental Accountability (“SEA”) requirements. We leverage the online component of our SEA Academy to educate factory management, workers, and third-party auditors as well as internal Microsoft teams with the goal of promoting responsible sourcing across our supply chain. • Capability Building and Partnerships: We work closely with in-scope suppliers and third-party auditors to build suppliers’ raw material due diligence capabilities and advance conformance to the RMAP or equivalent independent, third -party audit program for 3TGs. We invest in industry programs to i ncrease suppliers’ abilities and provide platforms for sharing best practices. EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 7 • Supplier Audits and Conformance Assurance : Microsoft requires audits of its directly contracted suppliers to assess their conformance to these requirements. New ly contracted suppliers undergo an Initial Capability Assessment prior to onboarding and Sustaining Maintenance Audits after onboarding to verify their initial conformance and to confirm their sustained conformance to our requirements. M icrosoft selects and retains business partners that have committed to meet these requirements. A failure by a supplier or their upstream suppliers to conform to these requirements may constitute a breach of the supplier’s contractual agreement with Microsoft, resulting in possible business termination. 6. Grievance Mechanism Microsoft provides an anonymous grievance reporting mechanism for employees and other stakeholders who may be impacted by our operations. Microsoft’s Business Conduct Hotline allows employees and others to anonymously ask compliance questions or report concerns regar ding Microsoft’s business operations, including our responsible sourcing policies or those of our suppliers. Additionally, Microsoft continues to scale its Worker Voice Hotline Program3 across our supplier factories. This program provides workers with a reliable and anonymous reporting channel for raising workplace concerns. The Hotline is operated by a neutral third-party provider. We investigate and, where appropriate, take remedial action to address reported issues. We also participate in the development of industry grievance mechanisms that seek to address responsible sourcing of raw materials-related issues. OECD Step #2: Identify and Assess Risk in the Supply Chain In order to make a Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry (“RCOI”) determination, Microsoft took the following steps, which are consistent with OECD Guidance and Microsoft procedure, to identify and assess 3TG sourcing risk in our supply chain during the 2022 RY: • We generated a list of in-scope suppliers by surveying 186 Devices direct suppliers to determine whether they used any 3TGs in the products or parts supplied to Microsoft by utilizing the CMRT and the services of a third -party solution provider. All in-scope suppliers responded to our survey request – a 100% response rate. • We excluded suppliers that did not report the use of 3TG minerals in the products or parts supplied to Microsoft during the 2022 RY from our in-scope supplier list. 3 Please see page 23 of our 2022 Devices Responsible Sourcing Report for more de tails regarding our Workers’ Voice Hotline Program. EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 8 • For the 2022 RY, we identified 186 in-scope suppliers that reported the use of 3TG minerals in the products or parts supplied to Microsoft . For these suppliers, we reviewed their CMRT responses to validate completion and to identify any contradictions or inconsistencies. • Based on the CMRTs, 342 SORs were found to be eligible for the RMAP or an equivalent, independent, third-party audit program for 3TG minerals such as cross-recognized programs overseen by the London Bullion Market Association (“LBMA”) or Responsible Jewellery Council (“RJC”). Figure 1. CMRT Response Rate (2013-2022 Reporting Years) OECD Step #3: Design and Implement a Strategy to Respond to Risks We determined that 3TGs that were necessary to the functionality or production of covered devices may have originated in one or more Covered Country. Accordingly, we performed due diligence on the source and chain-of-custody of those 3TGs to assess our conflict minerals sourcing risk. 7. Microsoft Supplier Specifications - H00594, H00642, and H02050 For the 2022 RY , Microsoft required its in- scope suppliers to conduct due diligence to address the potential sourcing of 3TGs from CAHRAs, including Covered Countries, through contract requirements (H00594, H00642, and H02050), incorporating Microsoft’s supplier specificat ions and responsible sourcing requirements, as detailed above. 71.0% 82.0% 97.0% 99.0% 98.0% 98.0% 100.0% 99.5% 100.0% 100.0% 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100% 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 9 8. Implementation of OECD Guidance Microsoft screened its in-scope supplier CMRT data for the 2022 RY against the OECD Guidance” red flag” triggers4 to assess the in-scope suppliers that required due diligence per the OECD Guidance. OECD Step #4: Independent Third-Party Audits of Supply Chain Due Diligence Our due diligence program leveraged independent SOR audits to provide assurance that the 342 Eligible 3TG SORs that were identified in our supply chain for the 2022 Reporting Year conducted an appropriate level of conflict minerals due diligence. Microsoft obtained SOR data from the RMAP Conformant Smelter List5 using Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry Data for member MSFT and used the SOR data to assess the conflict mineral audit status of our in-scope suppliers and to support our due diligence findings. Recognizing the importance of broad and consistent participation in the RMAP, Microsoft proactively engages directly with certain SORs where it is believed that a SOR may be at risk of becoming non- conformant. Microsoft also asks its suppliers to engage directly with potentially non-conformant SORs in order to prevent potential non-conformance and to develop Corrective Action Plans (“CAPs”) to identify sourcing alternatives in case a SOR becomes non-conformant. Although Microsoft’s Responsible Sourcing program operates an escalation and engagement process should non-conformant SORs be detected, taking a proactive approach to potentially non- conformant SORs helps prevent potential non-conformances from occurring. During the 2022 RY, we did not identify a SOR non -conformance that supported business termination with any in -scope supplier. OECD Step #5: Report on Supply Chain Due Diligence We have filed our CMR with the SEC and posted it on our Microsoft Devices Responsible Sourcing website. The resul ts of our Responsible Sourcing program are also presented in Microsoft’s FY22 Devices Responsible Sourcing Report . The Microsoft C orporate Social Responsibility Responsible Sourcing website provides add itional information about Microsoft’s RSRM Program. Each year, Microsoft Devices publishes a list of its Top 100 Production Suppliers. These disclosures meet the fifth step of the OECD Guidance. 4 See p. 33 of the OECD Guidance. 5 The RMAP Conformant Smelter list identifies the SORs that have undergone conformance audits through the RMAP or equivalent independent, third-party audit programs for 3TGs. EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 10 III. Conflict Mineral Disclosure A. Reasonable Countries of Origin of 3TGs Microsoft obtained Reasonable Country of Origin data through our membership in the RMAP using the Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry Data for member MSFT. We used this data to determine the 3TG country of origin for the 342 Eligible SORs identified in Microsoft Devices’ supply chain for the 2022 RY. The RMAP classifies SOR audit status in the manner described in the table below. The breakdown of the identified 342 Eligible 3TG SORs (for which minerals sourcing information was available from RMAP or an equivalent, independent, third-party audit program for 3TGs) by their RMI Status was as follows: Audit Status Audit Status Description SORs % Conformant SOR has been audited and found to conform with a relevant, third- party audit protocol, including RMAP, LBMA, or RJC 221 64.6 % Active SOR has been engaged but is not yet conformant 9 2.6 % Non-Conformant SOR was audited but found not to conform to a relevant, third-party audit protocol or failed to renew its assessment 24 7.0 % Communication Suspended Not Interested: SOR has strongly communicated a lack of interest in participation 6 1.8 % Outreach Required SOR is not yet active and outreach is needed by RMAP member companies to encourage SOR participation in RMAP 46 13.5 % In Communication SOR is not yet active but is in communication with RMAP and/or member company 14 4.1 % RMI Due Diligence Review Unable to Proceed: SOR has not met the threshold for Due Diligence Vetting Process after a period of 6 months. Status may change if additional information is submitted 22 6.4 % EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 11 For the identified 342 Eligible 3TG SORs – • 67 SORs sourced from Covered Countries, of which 59 ( 88%) were Conformant. For these 67 SORs, the audit status per 3TG mineral was: o 72.7% Conformant for Gold; o 100% Conformant for Tantalum; o 93.8% Conformant for Tungsten; and o 75.0% Conformant and 6.2% Active status for Tin. • Ou t of 342 Eligible SORs, 221 (64.6%) were Conformant; and • O ut of 342 Eligible SORs, 316 (92.4%) were Conformant, Active, or are reasonably believed to have sourced 3TGs from outside the Covered Countries. Figure 2 depicts the 342 SORs by 3TG audit status and Reporting Year. Figure 2. Identified SORs by Audit Status (2013- 2022 Reporting Years) Appendix A provides the list of 342 Eligible SORs identified in Microsoft Devices’ supply chain which processed 3TGs during the 2022 Reporting Year. Appendix A lists each SOR by mineral, official name, and country of operation. 78 148 213 249 252 252 232 237 238 221 67 55 28 27 26 26 36 36 46 6 5 1 8 9 24 0 50 100 150 200 250 300 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Conformant Active Communication Suspended - Not Interested Outreach Required Non-Conformant In Communication Not Applicable Due Diligence Vetting Process RMI Due Diligence Review - Unable to Proceed EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 12 3TG Countries of Origin The table below lists the countries of origin for the 342 Eligible SORs identified in Microsoft Devices’ supply chain which processed 3TG minerals during the 2022 RY. Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Benin Bolivia Botswana Brazil Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Canada Chile China Colombia Congo, Democratic Republic Congo, Republic Cote d’Ivoire Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt Eritrea Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Incl. French Guiana Georgia Ghana Guatemala Guinea Guyana Honduras India Indonesia Italy Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Laos Liberia Madagascar Malaysia Mali Mauritania Mexico Mongolia Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Oman Panama Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Russian Federation Rwanda Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Slovakia South Africa Spain Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Turkey Uganda United Kingdom United States Uzbekistan Venezuela Viet Nam Zambia Zimbabwe EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 13 IV. Microsoft Commitment Microsoft is committed to the responsible sourcing of raw materials in support of human rights; labor, health and safety; and environmental protection. We continue to advance implementation of our RSRM policy in our Devices supply chain to promote supply chain identification, traceability, risk assessment, and due diligence. O ur 2022 RY achievements included the following: • We supported supplier efforts to increase their responsible sourcing capabilities through supplier forums, training, webinars, and by providing technical resources; • We continued our engagements with external responsible sourcing organizations, including but not limited to the RMI, that are committed to advancing responsible sourcing on a global basis; • We achieved a 100% supplier CMRT response rate through extensive supplier outreach, including a supplementary campaign to directly contact suppliers to encourage reporting; • We conducted a data validation and verification program to randomly audit CMRT information submitted to us by suppliers to validate and c onfirm that supplier data was accurate and complete; • W e supported the efforts of the RMI in developing the Pilot Reporting Template (“PRT”), released in late 2022, which provides a platform to collect data on all minerals, thus significantly expanding the scope of industry-wide minerals due diligence; • We expanded due diligence program across all in-scope suppliers to capture sourcing data on additional priority minerals including aluminum, cobalt, copper, gallium, lithium, nickel, silicon, and rare earth elements. G oing forward, Microsoft will remain focused on internal and external efforts to promote the responsible sourcing of minerals, including: • Ex panding our knowledge about 3TGs, cobalt, and other critical raw materials to effectively implement our RSRM strategy to promote the responsible sourcing of raw materials across our hardware supply chains; • Req uiring our in-scope suppliers to meet our requirements for responsibly sourcing raw materials and finding alternative upstream suppliers if they are found to be sourcing from non-conformant SORs; • En gaging with in-scope suppliers so that they utilize supplier best practices and tools for responsibly sourcing raw materials from CAHRAs, including Covered Countries; EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR 14 • Furthering engagement with industry organizations and external stakeholders to improve mineral traceability, establish global responsible sourcing standards, and support due diligence programs in the mineral supply chain; • Leveraging Full Material Disclosure and other supplier data to fine-tune supplier data requests and verify and confirm reported critical raw material information. A-1 Appendix A Eligible SORs for 2022 Reporting Year This Appendix lists the 342 Eligible SORs which processed 3TG minerals during the 20 22 RY. Please note that Eligible SORs are listed for each 3TG they processed. Therefore, certain Eligible SORs may be represented more than once. Official Smelter Name Smelter Country Gold 8853 S.p.A. Italy ABC Refinery Pty Ltd. Australia Abington Reldan Metals, LLC United States of America Advanced Chemical Company United States of America African Gold Refinery Uganda Agosi AG Germany Aida Chemical Industries Co., Ltd. Japan Al Etihad Gold Refinery DMCC United Arab Emirates Albino Mountinho Lda. Portugal Alexy Metals United States of America Almalyk Mining and Metallurgical Complex (AMMC) Uzbekistan AngloGold Ashanti Corrego do Sitio Mineracao Brazil Argor-Heraeus S.A. Switzerland Asahi Pretec Corp. Japan Asahi Refining Canada Ltd. Canada Asahi Refining USA Inc. United States of America Asaka Riken Co., Ltd. Japan Atasay Kuyumculuk Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.S. Turkey AU Traders and Refiners South Africa Augmont Enterprises Private Limited India Aurubis AG Germany Bangalore Refinery India Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (Central Bank of the Philippines) Philippines Boliden AB Sweden C. Hafner GmbH + Co. KG Germany C.I Metales Procesados Industriales SAS Colombia Caridad Mexico CCR Refinery - Glencore Canada Corporation Canada Cendres + Metaux S.A. Switzerland CGR Metalloys Pvt Ltd. India Chimet S.p.A. Italy EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-2 Chugai Mining Japan Daye Non-Ferrous Metals Mining Ltd. China Degussa Sonne / Mond Goldhandel GmbH Germany Dijllah Gold Refinery FZC United Arab Emirates DODUCO Contacts and Refining GmbH Germany Dongwu Gold Group China Dowa Japan DSC (Do Sung Corporation) Korea, Republic of Eco-System Recycling Co., Ltd. East Plant Japan Eco-System Recycling Co., Ltd. North Plant Japan Eco-System Recycling Co., Ltd. West Plant Japan Emerald Jewel Industry India Limited (Unit 1) India Emerald Jewel Industry India Limited (Unit 2) India Emerald Jewel Industry India Limited (Unit 3) India Emerald Jewel Industry India Limited (Unit 4) India Emirates Gold DMCC United Arab Emirates Fidelity Printers and Refiners Ltd. Zimbabwe Fujairah Gold FZC United Arab Emirates Geib Refining Corporation United States of America GGC Gujrat Gold Centre Pvt. Ltd. India Gold by Gold Colombia Colombia Gold Coast Refinery Ghana Gold Refinery of Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd. China Great Wall Precious Metals Co., Ltd. of CBPM China Guangdong Jinding Gold Limited China Guoda Safina High-Tech Environmental Refinery Co., Ltd. China Hangzhou Fuchunjiang Smelting Co., Ltd. China Heimerle + Meule GmbH Germany Heraeus Germany GmbH Co. KG Germany Heraeus Metals Hong Kong Ltd. China Hunan Chenzhou Mining Co., Ltd. China Hunan Guiyang yinxing Nonferrous Smelting Co., Ltd. China HwaSeong CJ CO., LTD. Korea, Republic of Industrial Refining Company Belgium Inner Mongolia Qiankun Gold and Silver Refinery Share Co., Ltd. China International Precious Metal Refiners United Arab Emirates Ishifuku Metal Industry Co., Ltd. Japan Istanbul Gold Refinery Turkey Italpreziosi Italy JALAN & Company India Japan Mint Japan Jiangxi Copper Co., Ltd. China JSC Ekaterinburg Non-Ferrous Metal Processing Plant Russian Federation JSC Novosibirsk Refinery Russian Federation EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-3 JSC Uralelectromed Russian Federation JX Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd. Japan K.A. Rasmussen Norway Kaloti Precious Metals United Arab Emirates Kazakhmys Smelting LLC Kazakhstan Kazzinc Kazakhstan Kennecott Utah Copper LLC United States of America KGHM Polska Miedz Spolka Akcyjna Poland Kojima Chemicals Co., Ltd. Japan Korea Zinc Co., Ltd. Korea, Republic of Kundan Care Products Ltd. India Kyrgyzaltyn JSC Kyrgyzstan Kyshtym Copper-Electrolytic Plant ZAO Russian Federation L'azurde Company For Jewelry Saudi Arabia Lingbao Gold Co., Ltd. China Lingbao Jinyuan Tonghui Refinery Co., Ltd. China L'Orfebre S.A. Andorra LS-NIKKO Copper Inc. Korea, Republic of LT Metal Ltd. Korea, Republic of Luoyang Zijin Yinhui Gold Refinery Co., Ltd. China Marsam Metals Brazil Materion United States of America Matsuda Sangyo Co., Ltd. Japan MD Overseas India Metal Concentrators SA (Pty) Ltd. South Africa Metallix Refining Inc. United States of America Metalor Technologies (Hong Kong) Ltd. China Metalor Technologies (Singapore) Pte., Ltd. Singapore Metalor Technologies (Suzhou) Ltd. China Metalor Technologies S.A. Switzerland Metalor USA Refining Corporation United States of America Metalurgica Met-Mex Penoles S.A. De C.V. Mexico Mitsubishi Materials Corporation Japan Mitsui Mining and Smelting Co., Ltd. Japan MKS PAMP SA Switzerland MMTC-PAMP India Pvt., Ltd. India Modeltech Sdn Bhd Malaysia Morris and Watson New Zealand Moscow Special Alloys Processing Plant Russian Federation Nadir Metal Rafineri San. Ve Tic. A.S. Turkey Navoi Mining and Metallurgical Combinat Uzbekistan NH Recytech Company Korea, Republic of Nihon Material Co., Ltd. Japan Ogussa Osterreichische Gold- und Silber-Scheideanstalt GmbH Austria EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-4 Ohura Precious Metal Industry Co., Ltd. Japan OJSC "The Gulidov Krasnoyarsk Non-Ferrous Metals Plant" (OJSC Krastsvetmet) Russian Federation Pease & Curren United States of America Penglai Penggang Gold Industry Co., Ltd. China Planta Recuperadora de Metales SpA Chile Prioksky Plant of Non-Ferrous Metals Russian Federation PT Aneka Tambang (Persero) Tbk Indonesia PX Precinox S.A. Switzerland QG Refining, LLC United States of America Rand Refinery (Pty) Ltd. South Africa Refinery of Seemine Gold Co., Ltd. China REMONDIS PMR B.V. Netherlands Royal Canadian Mint Canada SAAMP France Sabin Metal Corp. United States of America Safimet S.p.A Italy SAFINA A.S. Czechia Sai Refinery India Samduck Precious Metals Korea, Republic of Samwon Metals Corp. Korea, Republic of Sancus ZFS (L’Orfebre, SA) Colombia SAXONIA Edelmetalle GmbH Germany Sellem Industries Ltd. Mauritania SEMPSA Joyeria Plateria S.A. Spain Shandong Gold Smelting Co., Ltd. China Shandong Humon Smelting Co., Ltd. China Shandong Tiancheng Biological Gold Industrial Co., Ltd. China Shandong Zhaojin Gold & Silver Refinery Co., Ltd. China Shenzhen CuiLu Gold Co., Ltd. China Shenzhen Zhonghenglong Real Industry Co., Ltd. China Shirpur Gold Refinery Ltd. India Sichuan Tianze Precious Metals Co., Ltd. China Singway Technology Co., Ltd. Taiwan SOE Shyolkovsky Factory of Secondary Precious Metals Russian Federation Solar Applied Materials Technology Corp. Taiwan Sovereign Metals India State Research Institute Center for Physical Sciences and Technology Lithuania Sudan Gold Refinery Sudan Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. Japan SungEel HiMetal Co., Ltd. Korea, Republic of Super Dragon Technology Co., Ltd. Taiwan T.C.A S.p.A Italy Tanaka Kikinzoku Kogyo K.K. Japan Tokuriki Honten Co., Ltd. Japan EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-5 Tongling Nonferrous Metals Group Co., Ltd. China TOO Tau-Ken-Altyn Kazakhstan Torecom Korea, Republic of TSK Pretech Korea, Republic of Umicore Brasil Ltda. Brazil Umicore Precious Metals Thailand Thailand Umicore S.A. Business Unit Precious Metals Refining Belgium United Precious Metal Refining, Inc. United States of America Valcambi S.A. Switzerland Value Trading Belgium WEEEREFINING France Western Australian Mint (T/a The Perth Mint) Australia WIELAND Edelmetalle GmbH Germany Yamakin Co., Ltd. Japan Yokohama Metal Co., Ltd. Japan Yunnan Copper Industry Co., Ltd. China Zhongyuan Gold Smelter of Zhongjin Gold Corporation China Tantalum 5D Production OU Estonia AMG Brasil Brazil Asaka Riken Co., Ltd. Japan Changsha South Tantalum Niobium Co., Ltd. China D Block Metals, LLC United States of America Exotech Inc. United States of America F&X Electro-Materials Ltd. China FIR Metals & Resource Ltd. China Global Advanced Metals Aizu Japan Global Advanced Metals Boyertown United States of America Hengyang King Xing Lifeng New Materials Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi Dinghai Tantalum & Niobium Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi Tuohong New Raw Material China JiuJiang JinXin Nonferrous Metals Co., Ltd. China Jiujiang Tanbre Co., Ltd. China Jiujiang Zhongao Tantalum & Niobium Co., Ltd. China KEMET de Mexico Mexico Materion Newton Inc. United States of America Meta Materials North Macedonia Metallurgical Products India Pvt., Ltd. India Mineracao Taboca S.A. Brazil Mitsui Mining and Smelting Co., Ltd. Japan Ningxia Orient Tantalum Industry Co., Ltd. China NPM Silmet AS Estonia EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-6 QSIL Metals Hermsdorf GmbH Germany QuantumClean United States of America Resind Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil RFH Yancheng Jinye New Material Technology Co., Ltd. China Solikamsk Magnesium Works OAO Russian Federation Taki Chemical Co., Ltd. Japan TANIOBIS Co., Ltd. Thailand TANIOBIS GmbH Germany TANIOBIS Japan Co., Ltd. Japan TANIOBIS Smelting GmbH & Co. KG Germany Telex Metals United States of America Ulba Metallurgical Plant JSC Kazakhstan XIMEI RESOURCES (GUANGDONG) LIMITED China XinXing HaoRong Electronic Material Co., Ltd. China Yanling Jincheng Tantalum & Niobium Co., Ltd. China Tin Alpha United States of America An Vinh Joint Stock Mineral Processing Company Viet Nam Aurubis Beerse Belgium Aurubis Berango Spain Chenzhou Yunxiang Mining and Metallurgy Co., Ltd. China Chifeng Dajingzi Tin Industry Co., Ltd. China China Tin Group Co., Ltd. China CRM Fundicao De Metais E Comercio De Equipamentos Eletronicos Do Brasil Ltda Brazil CRM Synergies Spain CV Ayi Jaya Indonesia CV Venus Inti Perkasa Indonesia Dongguan CiEXPO Environmental Engineering Co., Ltd. China Dowa Japan DS Myanmar Myanmar Electro-Mechanical Facility of the Cao Bang Minerals & Metallurgy JSC Viet Nam EM Vinto Bolivia Estanho de Rondonia S.A. Brazil Fabrica Auricchio Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil Fenix Metals Poland Gejiu City Fuxiang Industry and Trade Co., Ltd. China Gejiu Fengming Metallurgy Chemical Plant China Gejiu Kai Meng Industry and Trade LLC China Gejiu Non-Ferrous Metal Processing Co., Ltd. China Gejiu Yunxin Nonferrous Electrolysis Co., Ltd. China Gejiu Zili Mining And Metallurgy Co., Ltd. China Guangdong Hanhe Non-Ferrous Metal Co., Ltd. China EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-7 Guanyang Guida Nonferrous Metal Smelting Plant China HuiChang Hill Tin Industry Co., Ltd. China Huichang Jinshunda Tin Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi New Nanshan Technology Ltd. China Luna Smelter, Ltd. Rwanda Ma'anshan Weitai Tin Co., Ltd. China Magnu's Minerais Metais e Ligas Ltda. Brazil Malaysia Smelting Corporation (MSC) Malaysia Melt Metais e Ligas S.A. Brazil Metallic Resources, Inc. United States of America Mineracao Taboca S.A. Brazil Minsur Peru Mitsubishi Materials Corporation Japan Modeltech Sdn Bhd Malaysia Nghe Tinh Non-Ferrous Metals Joint Stock Company Viet Nam Novosibirsk Tin Combine Russian Federation O.M. Manufacturing (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand O.M. Manufacturing Philippines, Inc. Philippines Operaciones Metalurgicas S.A. Bolivia Pongpipat Company Limited Myanmar Precious Minerals and Smelting Limited India PT Aries Kencana Sejahtera Indonesia PT Artha Cipta Langgeng Indonesia PT ATD Makmur Mandiri Jaya Indonesia PT Babel Inti Perkasa Indonesia PT Babel Surya Alam Lestari Indonesia PT Bangka Prima Tin Indonesia PT Bangka Serumpun Indonesia PT Bangka Tin Industry Indonesia PT Belitung Industri Sejahtera Indonesia PT Bukit Timah Indonesia PT Cipta Persada Mulia Indonesia PT DS Jaya Abadi Indonesia PT Masbro Alam Stania Indonesia PT Menara Cipta Mulia Indonesia PT Mitra Stania Prima Indonesia PT Mitra Sukses Globalindo Indonesia PT Panca Mega Persada Indonesia PT Premium Tin Indonesia Indonesia PT Prima Timah Utama Indonesia PT Putera Sarana Shakti (PT PSS) Indonesia PT Rajawali Rimba Perkasa Indonesia PT Refined Bangka Tin Indonesia PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa Indonesia EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-8 PT Stanindo Inti Perkasa Indonesia PT Sukses Inti Makmur Indonesia PT Timah Nusantara Indonesia PT Timah Tbk Kundur Indonesia PT Timah Tbk Mentok Indonesia PT Tinindo Inter Nusa Indonesia PT Tirus Putra Mandiri Indonesia PT Tommy Utama Indonesia Resind Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil Rui Da Hung Taiwan Soft Metais Ltda. Brazil Super Ligas Brazil Thai Nguyen Mining and Metallurgy Co., Ltd. Viet Nam Thaisarco Thailand Tin Smelting Branch of Yunnan Tin Co., Ltd. China Tin Technology & Refining United States of America Tuyen Quang Non-Ferrous Metals Joint Stock Company Viet Nam VQB Mineral and Trading Group JSC Viet Nam White Solder Metalurgia e Mineracao Ltda. Brazil Yunnan Chengfeng Non-ferrous Metals Co., Ltd. China Yunnan Yunfan Non-ferrous Metals Co., Ltd. China Tungsten Artek LLC Russian Federation Asia Tungsten Products Vietnam Ltd. Viet Nam Hunan Shizhuyuan Nonferrous Metals Co., Ltd. Chenzhou Tungsten Products Branch China China Molybdenum Tungsten Co., Ltd. China Chongyi Zhangyuan Tungsten Co., Ltd. China CNMC (Guangxi) PGMA Co., Ltd. China Cronimet Brasil Ltda Brazil Fujian Ganmin RareMetal Co., Ltd. China Fujian Xinlu Tungsten Co., Ltd. China Ganzhou Haichuang Tungsten Co., Ltd. China Ganzhou Huaxing Tungsten Products Co., Ltd. China Ganzhou Jiangwu Ferrotungsten Co., Ltd. China Ganzhou Seadragon W & Mo Co., Ltd. China Global Tungsten & Powders LLC United States of America Guangdong Xianglu Tungsten Co., Ltd. China H.C. Starck Tungsten GmbH Germany HANNAE FOR T Co., Ltd. Korea, Republic of Hunan Chenzhou Mining Co., Ltd. China Hunan Jintai New Material Co., Ltd. China Hydrometallurg, JSC Russian Federation EXHIBIT 1.01 – MICROSOFT CORPORATION CONFLICT MINERALS REPORT FOR 2022 REPORTING YEAR A-9 Japan New Metals Co., Ltd. Japan Jiangwu H.C. Starck Tungsten Products Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi Gan Bei Tungsten Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi Minmetals Gao'an Non-ferrous Metals Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi Tonggu Non-ferrous Metallurgical & Chemical Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi Xinsheng Tungsten Industry Co., Ltd. China Jiangxi Yaosheng Tungsten Co., Ltd. China Hubei Green Tungsten Co., Ltd. China JSC "Kirovgrad Hard Alloys Plant" Russian Federation Kennametal Fallon United States of America Kennametal Huntsville United States of America Lianyou Metals Co., Ltd. Taiwan LLC Vostok Russian Federation Malipo Haiyu Tungsten Co., Ltd. China Masan High-Tech Materials Viet Nam Moliren Ltd. Russian Federation Niagara Refining LLC United States of America NPP Tyazhmetprom LLC Russian Federation OOO “Technolom” 1 Russian Federation OOO “Technolom” 2 Russian Federation Philippine Chuangxin Industrial Co., Inc. Philippines TANIOBIS Smelting GmbH & Co. KG Germany Unecha Refractory metals plant Russian Federation Wolfram Bergbau und Hutten AG Austria Xiamen Tungsten (H.C.) Co., Ltd. China Xiamen Tungsten Co., Ltd. China YUDU ANSHENG TUNGSTEN CO., LTD. China Fujian Jinxin Tungsten Co., Ltd. China Hunan Chuangda Vanadium Tungsten Co., Ltd. Wuji China Hunan Litian Tungsten Industry Co., Ltd. China KGETS Co., Ltd. Korea, Republic of Tejing (Vietnam) Tungsten Co., Ltd. Viet Nam Woltech Korea Co., Ltd. Korea, Republic of Xinfeng Huarui Tungsten & Molybdenum New Material Co., Ltd. China Xinhai Rendan Shaoguan Tungsten Co., Ltd. China