Our approach Principles People Planet Resources Last updated November 10, 2017 Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2 Our approach Letter from our CEO04 Governance of CSR10 Our approach to reporting13 Contents Human rights16 Privacy and data security19 Responsible sourcing22 Principles Empowering our employees26 Accessibility30 Empowering communities32 People Environmental sustainability36 Planet Reports Hub41 GRI Index42 UN SDGs43 Resources Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 3 Our approach Letter from our CEO04 Governance of CSR10 Our approach to reporting13 Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 4 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach Letter from our CEO Dear shareholders, customers, partners, and employees: Thank you for your support and investment in Microsoft. We’re proud of our prog- ress this year, and we are eager to make even more progress in the year ahead. We continue to be guided by our mission to empower every person and every or- ganization on the planet to achieve more. The breadth and depth of our mission unlocks unprecedented opportunity as technology transforms every industry and has the power to make a difference in the lives of everyone. We strive to create local opportunity, growth and impact in every community and country around the world. Our platforms and tools enable creativity in all of us, and help drive small-business productivity, large business competitiveness and public-sector efficiency. They also support new startups, improve educational and health outcomes, and empower human ingenuity. Our sense of purpose lies in our customers’ success. Now let me share more about what we delivered in fiscal 2017 for our shareholders, our customers and partners, and for the communities in which we operate through- out the world. PROGRESS AND OUR RESULTS We delivered $90.0 billion in revenue and $22.3 billion in operating income this past fiscal year. Adjusting for Windows 10 revenue deferrals and restructuring expenses, revenue was $96.7 billion with $29.3 billion in operating income. We continued to invest in innovation and expand our market opportunities, while maintaining our commitment to shareholder return, which included total cash re- turn of $22.3 billion this year. Our commercial cloud annualized revenue run rate ended the year exceeding $18.9 billion, up more than 56 percent year-over-year. Our cloud growth puts us squarely on track to reach the goal we set a little over two years ago of $20 billion in com- mercial cloud annualized revenue run rate in fiscal 2018. “Everywhere we operate, we focus on con- tributing to local communities in positive ways—helping to spark growth, competi- tiveness and economic opportunity for all.” Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 5 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach The strength of our results across our reporting segments reflects our accelerating innovation as well as increased customer usage and engagement across our busi- nesses. • More than 100 million people use Office 365 commercial. • More than 27 million consumers use Office 365 Home & Personal across devices. • More than 53 million members are active on Xbox Live. • More than 500 million LinkedIn members use the LinkedIn network. • Windows 10 is active on more than 500 million devices around the world. • Dynamics 365 customers grew more than 40 percent year-over-year. • Azure compute usage more than doubled year-over-year. We prioritized our investments to capture our expanding market opportunities. We are investing for the future with product innovation complemented by new acquisi- tions and partnerships. We have completed our acquisition of LinkedIn to connect the world’s largest professional network with the world’s leading professional cloud. We are investing to create broader economic benefit and opportunity with our datacenter expansion, bringing Azure to 42 regions globally — more than any other cloud provider — and with the most comprehensive compliance coverage in the industry. We broadened our offerings to reach new audiences, such as bringing Office 365 to firstline workers from retail and hospitality to manufacturing. We took collabo- ration to a new level with Microsoft Teams, which brings people, conversations and content together in a digital hub. We are in the forefront of innovating in mixed reality and how this new medium can radically change gaming, firstline and knowl- edge work through immersive experiences. We are innovating in gaming with new services such as Mixer and Xbox Game Pass. We introduced hundreds of new Azure services, including new cognitive services APIs for vision, speech, text, translation, emotion and more. We have galvanized the company’s efforts around AI both to power each of our product categories with breakthrough capabilities and make the same capabilities available to our customers through Azure. We inspired new ways for students and teachers to create and learn with Windows 10 S. And we continued to create new device categories with Windows 10 and Surface, including the new Surface Studio and Laptop. And we’re continually transforming to better serve customers, evolving our sales and marketing approach to galvanize around five core customer solution areas. Across every industry in every corner of the world, our customers are using Micro- soft technologies to radically transform everything from agriculture to manufactur- ing, and we are only at the beginning. Here are some examples. BOEING Boeing is using Microsoft HoloLens for 3-D visualization to transform employee training, and it is using Cortana Intelligence, Azure and Azure IoT to harness a wealth of aircraft data. This “digital twin” aircraft increases crew and maintenance efficiency, improves customer experience, and creates a new business model and services that Boeing can offer its airline customers. Watch video  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 6 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach THYSSENKRUPP Thyssenkrupp Elevator is using HoloLens to transform the way it measures, visual- izes and installs its products, streamlining the initial surveying process of a stair lift installation. Using spatial mapping, 3-D visualization and the natural inputs offered by mixed reality, the company has digitized its sales and manufacturing processes to reduce delivery times as much as 4x, transforming its customer experience and growing its business opportunity. Watch video  TETRA PAK Tetra Pak, the world’s largest food packaging company and inventor of the 20th century’s most important innovation in that industry, aseptic packaging technology, employs Azure to enable its cloud-connected machines to predict exactly when equipment needs maintenance. Service engineers use HoloLens to access experts who remotely guide them through a repair, reducing time and cost. With the cloud and mixed reality, Tetra Pak is delivering new and existing value in a much more efficient way — in the most remote locations, on the most mobile devices. Watch video  LAND O’ LAKES Land O’ Lakes is working to feed the world sustainably by embracing the Microsoft Cloud, predictive data analytics and mobile technologies in tandem with family farmers. Using Azure, Office 365 and Surface, farmers in different parts of the world can access agronomic research, weather information and satellite data to make the right planting decisions and react to real-time changes in the field, every day. Watch video  SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC Responsible and sustainable management of fresh water is one of the world’s big- gest challenges. With 70 percent of fresh water reserves being used for agricultural purposes, every drop counts. Schneider Electric has built a smart farming platform using Azure IoT to enable farmers to more efficiently manage water use. Advanced analytics, live local data from sensors on the farm and access to pricing information from the local water utility allow farmers to maximize crop and livestock yields and lower energy consumption by pumping water at optimal times. Watch video  CASE WESTERN RESERVE UNIVERSITY AND CLEVELAND CLINIC Case Western Reserve University and Cleveland Clinic are using mixed reality to transform medical education. Using HoloLens, they built an entirely new and im- mersive way to teach and learn human anatomy. Doctors who have looked at data sets like this for years say they have never fully understood the 3-D structure until seeing it as a hologram with HoloLens, giving them the ability to see a brain tumor in mixed reality and predict the impact of the tumor with 3-D modeling, or seeing the aortic valve in true relation to the critical structures around it. Watch video  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 7 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach LOOKING FORWARD: OUR EXPANSIVE OPPORTUNITY A new technology paradigm As you can begin to see in the examples above, a new technology paradigm is emerging, one with an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge. Microsoft will lead this new era. There are three characteristics that define this shift. The first is that the experience layer is becoming multidevice and multisense, where a person’s expe- rience with technology will span a multitude of devices and become increasingly more natural and multisensory with voice, ink, gestures and gaze interactions. Sec- ond, artificial intelligence (AI) will be pervasive across devices, apps and infrastruc- ture to drive insights and act on your behalf. Third, computing will be more distrib- uted than ever before with compute power at the edge, whether it’s the connected car, the connected factory floor or any connected device. As developers write new applications for this paradigm, they need new mechanisms to manage the complex- ity of distributed, event-driven computing. With this new paradigm comes new opportunity. Every customer is looking for both innovative technology to drive new growth and a strategic partner that can help them build their own digital capability. Customers are looking to change how they use digital technology and to reimagine how they empower their employees, en- gage customers, optimize their operations, and change the very core of their prod- ucts and services. They are building their own digital systems of intelligence to drive growth. Microsoft is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this opportunity with the combination of our technology, partner ecosystem and culture of growth mindset. As we look ahead to fiscal 2018 and beyond, we will focus on bringing our technol- ogy and products together into experiences and solutions that deliver new value for our customers. Going forward, we will focus our innovation and investments in areas where we see the greatest opportunity for growth. The modern workplace The workplace itself is transforming — from changing employee expectations, a widening skills gap, more diverse and globally distributed teams, to an increasingly complex threat environment. The productivity experiences and tools we deliver will unlock the creator in all of us and enable seamless teamwork not just in the work- place, but also at school and at home across all the devices people use — from the phone to the laptop to mixed-reality headsets to the whiteboard. Microsoft 365 — which brings together Windows 10, Office 365 and Enterprise Mobility & Security — will be a key driver of value for our business customers of all sizes and for our business growth. The Microsoft Graph, which provides the underlying data model of the user’s experience, and the LinkedIn network, will make it possible for every professional in any business or functional role to be much more productive in getting things done. Business applications Every process inside a business is being digitized. This rapid shift means customers are looking to move away from monolithic suites that perpetuate disconnected data siloes and expensive custom extensibility frameworks. Our approach with Dynam- ics 365 and LinkedIn is to build modular business applications that are part of a connected data graph, enabling AI and extensibility that span a customer’s business process needs. We will enable organizations of all sizes to digitize business-critical functions across relationship sales, talent and people processes, operations, cus- tomer service, field service, and more. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 8 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach Applications and infrastructure Cloud computing is foundational to enabling digital transformation for any organi- zation. Beyond being a trusted, global, hyper-scale cloud, what makes Azure unique is our hybrid consistency, developer productivity and SaaS application integration. Our hybrid infrastructure consistency spans identity, data, compute, management and security, helping to support the real-world needs and evolving regulatory re- quirements of commercial customers and enterprise-focused SaaS ISVs. Azure Stack is an extension of Azure that enables developers to build and deploy applications the same way whether they run on the intelligent cloud or the intelligent edge. With Visual Studio and Azure Services, we provide the toolchain and application platform for modern DevOps that helps organizations with their agility and productivity — and enable them to use the best of the Windows ecosystem and the best of the Linux ecosystem together. Azure enables SaaS ISV developers to reach 100 million plus enterprise users through the integration of Azure Active Directory and Office 365, and by embedding Power BI, Power Apps and Flow as part of their applica- tions, enables customers to have consistent identity, developer extensibility and security across their application portfolio spanning their own custom applications and SaaS applications. Data and AI The core currency of any business going forward will be the ability to reason over its data using AI to drive competitive advantage. Microsoft Research continues to make significant advances in AI technologies, infusing them into product experienc- es like Bing, Cortana, LinkedIn Newsfeed, Skype Translator, Editor and PowerPoint Designer in Office, Relationship Health in Dynamics, HoloLens, and many more. We are uniquely positioned to take this AI capability and democratize it, so that every developer can be an AI developer, and every company can become an AI company. It all starts with having support for the comprehensive data estate spanning Azure Database, Cosmos DB, Data Warehouse and Data Lake, combined with SQL Server. Azure is the cloud with the richest set of ML tools, bot framework and cognitive services, enabling developers to add AI capabilities into their applications. With state-of-the-art GPU and FPGA support, our Azure infrastructure is best in class for AI workloads. I am excited about our road map here and what’s to come. Gaming The $100 billion plus gaming industry is experiencing massive growth and transfor- mation, and we have an expansive opportunity as we think about gaming end-to- end — from the way games are created and distributed to how they are played and viewed. We will build on our strong foundation of connected gaming assets across PC, console, mobile and work to grow and engage the 53 million strong Xbox Live member network more deeply and frequently — from great game experiences to streaming to social to mixed reality. We will be the company for gamers to play the games they want, with the people they want, on the devices they want. I’m excited about our opportunity to accelerate our growth opportunity, innovate boldly and earn new fans. While these solution areas capture our near-term opportunity, we’re also investing in cutting-edge research to lead well into the future. Artificial intelligence, mixed reality and quantum computing will come together and shape the future of our industry and others for generations to come. We’re deeply committed to leading in these areas and bringing them together in ways that enable humanity to solve our most pressing issues, from climate change to curing cancer to creating economic opportunity for all. We will do so by adhering to the highest ethical principles and standing for our timeless values. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 9 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach OUR RESPONSIBILITY IN THE WORLD Our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet ex- tends to our corporate social responsibility efforts. We strive to use our technology, grants, employees and voice to improve people’s lives by enabling access to the benefits and opportunities that technology offers. This past year we increased our investments across a range of strategic initiatives. • Microsoft Philanthropies donated more than $1.2 billion in software and services in fiscal 2017, helping nonprofits around the world get the technology and skills they need for today’s digital economy. • Since 2016 we have donated more than $1 billion in cloud services to more than 90,000 nonprofits and university researchers — achieving our $1 billion milestone a year early — and announced a new plan to more than triple the number of nonprofits we’ll reach to 300,000 over the next three years. • Our employees raised a record-breaking $142 million through our employee giving program in 2016. I am proud and humbled by their commitment to not only make a difference with our customers and partners, but in their local communities and the broader world. • We’re ensuring that our products and services are accessible to meet the needs of all our custom- ers, including the more than 1 billion people around the world with disabilities. Examples include our new Eye Control feature in Windows 10 for people with ALS, and Seeing AI, a free app on iOS for blind and low vision users that narrates the world around you. • We’re partnering with telecommunications companies through our Rural Airband Initiative to bring broadband connectivity to 2 million people in rural America by 2022, helping to close the rural broadband gap for the more than 20 million Americans living in rural communities who lack access to the economic, educational and health opportunities the internet provides. • We’re advancing our sustainability efforts, completing our largest wind energy purchase to date and aiming to address some of the world’s toughest environment challenges through our new AI for Earth initiative. • Finally, as part of our broader responsibility to engage thoughtfully in the public dialogue on the important challenges facing our world, we published “A Cloud for Global Good” to help compa- nies and governments ensure technology is trusted, responsible and inclusive. When I reflect on the past year, I’m proud of our progress — both in our own continued transformation and in how we are empowering customers to digitally transform. As a multinational corporation, we have both a substantial opportunity and a high responsibility to ensure that technology’s benefits reach people more broadly across our global society and economy. Everywhere we operate, we focus on contributing to local communities in positive ways — helping to spark growth, competitiveness and economic opportunity for all. To serve the needs of our customers well into the future, we must continually trans- form while remaining steadfast to our timeless values. Microsoft has both the capa- bility and the culture to help customers digitally transform today, while creating new technologies that are among the most innovative and impactful humankind has ever experienced with mixed reality, artificial intelligence and quantum computing. We will continue to invest in the highest growth opportunities, innovate boldly, and empower people and organizations by creating the platforms and tools that enable others to grow and thrive, now and well into the future. Satya Nadella Chief Executive Officer October 16, 2017 Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 10 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach Governance of CSR Empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more means going beyond providing the products and services that allow our customers to do great things. It means being thoughtful about the impact of our own business practices, policies, and investments in communities. We see the big picture Microsoft’s Technology and Corporate Responsibility (TCR) team, in collabora- tion with leaders across Microsoft’s business and operations, drives companywide approaches to key corporate social responsibility issues. The head of TCR reports directly to Microsoft’s President and Chief Legal Officer, Brad Smith, who sits on Microsoft’s Senior Leadership Team and reports directly to our CEO, Satya Nadella. We work together to earn the trust and confidence of the public, our customers, partners, employees, and shareholders. The charter for the Regulatory and Public Policy Committee of our Board of Direc- tors includes the responsibility to “review and provide guidance to the board and management about the company’s policies and programs that relate to corporate social responsibility, including human rights, environmental sustainability, responsi- ble sourcing, and philanthropy.” Microsoft’s work in corporate social responsibility fosters sustained business success over the long term. Our corporate governance framework, policies, and practices are described in detail in our financial filings and on the corporate governance sec- tion of our Investor Relations website. Details about Microsoft’s Ethics and Compliance policies and programs include our Standards of Business Conduct, which applies to Microsoft employees, executive officers, our Board of Directors, and Microsoft subsidiaries and controlled affiliates (where Microsoft directly or indirectly owns more than 50 percent of the voting con- trol). Channels are provided to ensure that concerns can be raised and subsequently addressed. All Microsoft employees must complete an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course, available in 16 languages. In FY17, as in previous years, course completion was more than 99 percent. In addition, mandatory trainings ad- dress the compliance risks of specific roles and business functions, while a variety of additional guidance options ensure awareness of our policies and our expectations for ethical behavior. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 11 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach Working together with stakeholders Aligning our values to those of the world Driving positive impact to both business and society We know that the decisions we make affect our employees, customers, partners, shareholders, suppliers, and communities. That’s why we take their voices into ac- count. Microsoft receives input from millions of people each year—from individual customers to policymakers and global human rights specialists. We bring outside perspectives into the company and inform our business decisions through a variety of feedback channels. And we go beyond formal channels, proactively engaging with key stakeholders, advocacy groups, widely recognized experts, CSR rating agencies, CSR-focused investors, and many others. We also share our learnings and practices thereby generating industry dialogue, informing public debate, and advancing greater progress. The Microsoft Stakeholder Engagement in the Governance of Corporate Social Re- sponsibility report shows the types of stakeholders we engage, how we engage with them, and examples of the results achieved. Download the report Microsoft works to align our CSR commitments and CSR reporting to global stan- dards. We base our CSR reporting on the Global Reporting Initiatives’ Sustainability Reporting Guidelines; in 2006, we endorsed the United Nations Global Com- pact; and we file an annual Communication on Progress implementing the UNGC’s 10 principles. In addition, we were among the first companies to align our human rights work with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and to adopt the UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework. We’re actively engaged in supporting the UN Sustainable Development Goals and publicly report ways in which Microsoft contributes to the global effort to achieve the SDGs. We apply the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines to our CSR materiality assessment to define our most significant CSR issues. Using this approach, we’ve identified the top issues. Our CSR materiality assessment reflects input gathered from our stakeholder engagement processes, consultation with Business for Social Responsibility, and other external experts, and consideration of the impact that Microsoft’s core businesses have. Top issues: • Applying technology for environmental and social good • Accessibility • Climate change and energy • Data privacy and security • Empowering communities • Ethical business practices • Human capital • Human rights • Responsible sourcing and lifecycle impacts Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 12 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach Public policy engagement During the launch of A Cloud for Global Good, Microsoft’s policy roadmap, Micro- soft President and Chief Legal Officer, Brad Smith, articulated how we prioritize our CSR issues and how they connect to our business success: “Technology is creating new jobs, but automation can challenge and even replace some traditional jobs. There are new challenges to privacy rights. There are new ques- tions about income inequality. There are new opportunities but also challenges for people with disabilities.” “If we don’t acknowledge explicitly, at the outset, that this new era creates both opportunity and challenge, the truth is we’ll do less than we should to make the most of the promise that lies ahead. We need to ensure that we move technology forward without leaving people behind.” “This requires that we accept a sense of shared responsibility. Those of us who work in the tech sector and the private sector have an important role and responsibility, as do people across civil society, and as do governments around the world.” To fulfill that responsibility, we need to ensure that the cloud is trusted, responsible and inclusive. Microsoft’s efforts include: • Our human rights commitments, and our commitments to privacy and data security work to ensure that our cloud is trusted. • Our commitments to environmental sustainability, responsible sourcing, and empowering our employees to ensure that our cloud is responsible. • Our commitments to accessibility, global diversity and inclusion, and empowering communities to ensure that our cloud is inclusive. Learn more about our participation in the public policy process by visiting our Pub- lic policy engagement site. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 13 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach Transparent reporting We want to help users make informed choices about how they use our products and services, and stakeholders evaluate how we’re meeting our commitments to CSR. About our report Standards Our CSR report is a living reporting medium designed to share information about how we’re making the world a better place. The report offers comparable year-over- year data about our progress. But it also provides quick links to additional resources across Microsoft.com and around the web for the most comprehensive story. This year, a shared letter from Satya Nadella, addressing our business and social impacts, opens both our 2017 CSR and Financial Annual reports. Unless otherwise stated, the information in our 2017 CSR report covers all of Microsoft’s global operations during our fiscal year 2017 (July 1, 2016 to June 30, 2017). Although we’ve designed our reporting content first and foremost for digital dis- play, it’s also available via PDF format to provide access options for our stakehold- ers. Our online Reports Hub provides download options for the full report as well as individual report sections and additional related supplemental reports. Our CSR report contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI’s) G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, which were used to prepare the content included in this report. Please see our GRI G4 Index for detailed data and additional information. The human rights-related disclosures are based on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights Reporting Framework (RAFI). In addition, this report serves as Microsoft’s Annual Communication on Progress under the United Nations (UN) Global Compact. The following table describes the location of relevant report content for each of the UN Global Compact’s 10 principles. UN Global Compact Index Human Rights Labor Principle 1: Principle 3: Principle 5: Principle 2: Principle 4: Principle 6: Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining. The effective abolition of child labor. Make sure they are not complicit in human rights abuses. The elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor. The elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. Empowering our employees, Human rights, Responsible sourcing Empowering our employees, Responsible sourcing Empowering our employees, Responsible sourcing Empowering our employees, Responsible sourcing Empowering our employees, Responsible sourcing Empowering our employees, Human rights, Responsible sourcing Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 14 Principles People Planet ResourcesOur approach Environment Anti-corruption Principle 7: Principle 10: Principle 9: Principle 8: Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environ- mental challenges. Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, includ- ing extortion and bribery. Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies. Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental respon- sibility. Environmental sustainability Responsible sourcing, Governance of CSR Environmental sustainability Environmental sustainability, Responsible sourcing Share your feedback We hope that you, as our stakeholders, find this content valuable. We welcome your perspective about the issues and content provided today, as well as any issues you expect to see addressed in the future. Please email your comments to csr@microsoft.com. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 15 Human rights16 Privacy and data security19 Responsible sourcing22 Principles Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 16 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Human rights We endeavor to respect and champion human rights in the way we do business, and seek to advance those rights by applying the power of technology. Our commitment and approach Microsoft aspires to leadership in business and human rights, and to serve as a catalyst for action by others—in the technology sector and beyond. Class-leading due diligence We aim to conduct best-in-class human rights impact assessments, salient Microsoft action, and emerging trends in business and human rights. Rights-aware decision making We’re deploying an integrated approach to human rights decision making across key aspects of Microsoft. Proactive engagement We use actions and public statements to demonstrate that Microsoft is an import- ant voice, and advocate for the promotion of human rights. Transparent leadership We’re advancing transparency in our work and promoting human rights through increased disclosure and engagement. FY17 Highlights The UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the Global Network Initiative Principles on Freedom of Expression and Privacy, steer Microsoft’s human rights work. Implementing global human rights standards We’re ensuring that technology plays a positive role around the globe. We’ve issued a major update to our Global Human Rights Statement; provided training for our employees; and continue our ongoing human rights impact assessment into artifi- cial intelligence. Read the Global Human Rights Statement  Empowering the UN’s Human Rights Office We’re working with the UN’s Human Rights Office to help them develop technol- ogy to predict, analyze, and respond to human rights situations; collaborating on joint projects; and making a multi-million-dollar grant. Read about our partnership  Promoting human rights and security Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter, and YouTube formed the Global Internet Forum to Counter Terrorism, allowing us to continue making our hosted consumer services hostile to terrorists and violent extremists. Read about the forum  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 17 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Collaborating with UC Berkeley We’re partnering with UC Berkeley in new annual conferences, student consulting projects, and other collaborative efforts to integrate key human rights issues directly into business education. Read how we’re working together  Calling for a Digital Geneva Convention We outlined a framework to protect and defend civilians against nation-spon- sored cyberattacks, including a proposed binding agreement and independent attribution organization. Discover the need for global norms  FY17 Reporting resources Get the bigger picture Salient Human Rights Issues Report Using the United Nations Guiding Principles Reporting Framework, we disclose each of our salient human rights issues and FY17 activities through a detailed, download- able report. GNI Assessment 2015/2016 Read the Global Network Initiative’s Public Report on the 2015/16 Independent Company Assessments. Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft provides a number of disclosures to help stakeholders evaluate how we’re meeting our commitments. We consolidate these reports in one place for easy reference or download. 2017 GRI Index Our 2017 report content contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. Microsoft Global Human Rights Statement Committing Microsoft’s employees, partners, and suppliers to respect and promote human rights, and to ensure that technology plays a positive role across the globe. Read the Global Human Rights Statement  Accessibility We’re creating and delivering technology that is accessible and functional for people of all abilities. Learn more about accessibility  Freedom of expression and privacy We respect peoples’ right to freedom of expression and their right to freedom from arbitrary and unlawful interference with privacy online. Learn about freedom of expression  Visit these key resources across microsoft.com to learn more about our Global Human Rights Statement, our salient human rights issues, and our bi-annual digital trust reports. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 18 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Online safety Protecting the safety and security of vulnerable groups online. Find resources for online safety  Privacy and data security We’re incorporating privacy considerations into design and development processes, offering customers meaningful privacy choices, and responsibly collecting, manag- ing, and using the customer data that we store. Read about our commitment to privacy  Digital trust reports Giving you transparency in our bi-annual Law Enforcement Requests Report, U.S. National Security Orders Report, and Content Removal Requests Report. Read our latest reports  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 19 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Privacy and data security We recognize privacy as a fundamental human right. We work to pre- serve our customers’ ability to control their data and make informed choices to protect their privacy. Our commitment and approach Microsoft’s privacy practices and the way we build our products and services rest on six key privacy principles. Control We put users in control of their privacy with easy-to-use tools and clear choices. Transparency We’re transparent about data collection and use so users can make informed deci- sions. Security We protect the data that users entrust to us through strong security and encryption. Legal protections We respect local privacy laws and fight for the protection of users’ privacy as a fun- damental human right. No content-based targeting We don’t use email, chat, files, or other personal content to target ads. User benefits When we do collect data, we use it to benefit you and your experiences. FY17 Highlights We’re standing up for users’ rights, allowing them to view and control their activi- ty; we’re committing to compliance across the cloud; and we’re hiring reknowned leaders in the field to guide our way. Launching privacy dashboard In January 2017, Microsoft launched a new web-based privacy dashboard that allows users to see and control their activity data across multiple Microsoft services. This allows users to view—and choose to clear—the data that Microsoft collects, such as browsing history, search history, and location activity, and to manage infor- mation in the Cortana Notebook, which provides personalized recommendations. We will add additional data types and functionality over time. Privacy shield certification In August 2016, Microsoft became the first listed global cloud service provider to meet the U.S. Department of Commerce Privacy Shield certification. The EU-US Privacy Shield Framework was designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and European Commission to apply EU data protection requirements to govern data transmission between Europe and the United States. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 20 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Leading regulator takes privacy post In April 2017, Microsoft announced that it had hired former Commissioner of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, Julie Brill, to lead privacy, data protection, and other regulatory issues at Microsoft. Brill is a globally recognized leader on privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity law and policy. Enabling compliance with new privacy protections In May 2018, the European Union is imposing strong new privacy rules: The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Microsoft believes GDPR is an important step forward for privacy rights and we’re committed to GDPR compliance across our cloud services. We’re among the first cloud service providers to include GDPR-relat- ed assurances in our contractual commitments with customers and are committed to helping other organizations comply as well. Stranding up for users’ rights Microsoft has helped lead our industry in pushing for reform in government surveillance in the U.S. and around the world. We’re challenging an effort by the U.S. government to use search warrants unilaterally to reach beyond U.S. borders. We’re supporting efforts to modernize U.S. surveillance laws and sparked the idea of a Digital Geneva Convention—an international treaty to protect civilians from state-sponsored cyberattacks. FY17 Reporting resources Law Enforcement Requests Report This semi-annual report provides information about the legal demands for custom- er data we receive from law enforcement agencies around the world, as well as our responses to them. U.S. National Security Orders Report This semi-annual report provides the data we’re legally allowed to share about de- mands for customer data we receive from the U.S. Government pursuant to national security laws, as well as our responses to them. Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft provides a number of disclosures to help stakeholders evaluate how we are meeting our commitments. We collect and provide all of these reports in one place for easy reference or download. 2017 GRI Index Our 2017 report content contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 21 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Get the bigger picture Microsoft Privacy Site This site provides information on Microsoft’s Privacy Principles, common categories of data we collect, and links to product and service-specific privacy information and controls. Visit Microsoft’s Privacy Site  Microsoft Privacy Statement This privacy statement explains what personal data we collect from users and how we use it. Read Microsoft’s Privacy Statement  Microsoft Trust Center The Microsoft Trust Center provides information targeted at enterprise and business customers on how Microsoft protects their data across our cloud services, including how Microsoft helps organizations comply with GDPR. Visit Microsoft’s Trust Center  A Cloud for Global Good Our policy roadmap covers a range of policy areas and provides a comprehensive set of recommendations and considerations mapped to a trusted, responsible, and inclusive cloud. See the Microsoft Cloud Policy Roadmap  Microsoft Secure From individuals to enterprise businesses, we’re committed to helping you get se- cure—and stay secure—in a world of persistent cyberthreats. Visit our Microsoft Secure site  Microsoft Secure Blog The Microsoft Secure blog is the place to go for in-depth articles on Microsoft products and services, as well as tips and recommendations for improving security in your organization. Visit the blog  Visit these key resources across microsoft.com to learn more about Microsoft’s work in privacy and data security. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 22 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Responsible sourcing We work to ensure that our suppliers uphold high standards for re- sponsible business practices and how they treat the people who work for them. Our commitment and approach We set high standards for our suppliers and collaborate with them to positively im- pact their workers, the communities in which they operate, and their own business. Microsoft has relationships with thousands of suppliers around the globe, spanning both hardware suppliers that manufacture our devices and the components that go into them and indirect suppliers that provide everything from advertising services to building construction and maintenance. We expect all suppliers who do business with Microsoft to uphold the human rights, labor, health and safety, environmental, and business ethics practices prescribed in our Supplier Code of Conduct. This code aligns with, and in certain cases exceeds, the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition’s (EICC’s) responsible supply chain stan- dards. The Supplier Code of Conduct is included in all our contracts with suppliers and Microsoft Social and Environmental Accountability requirements are also incor- porated into our contracts with hardware and packaging suppliers. Since 2005, Microsoft’s Devices and Supply Chain group has operated an indus- try-leading Social and Environmental Accountability (SEA) program to ensure that our hardware and packaging suppliers conform to our Supplier Code of Conduct and additional device-related requirements for living conditions, safe working prac- tices, and environmental, health, and safety protection. Microsoft’s Global Procurement Group created a formal responsible sourcing func- tion in 2013 to consolidate and enhance its responsible sourcing activities with our indirect suppliers. We advance our responsible sourcing commitments through: • Analysis of risks and opportunities • Assurance and accountability • Capacity building • Creating shared value and advancing the Sustainable Development Goals set by the UN to im- prove people’s quality of life, protect the environment, and foster equitable growth. For details about our approach please visit www.microsoft.com/en-us/responsi- ble-sourcing. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 23 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples FY17 Highlights Microsoft continues to define leadership in business and human rights, and to act as a catalyst for others who are taking action in the technology sector and beyond. Social and Environmental Accountability (SEA) We enabled full transparency and accountability of SEA metrics in 100% of our sup- pliers and factories, and enabled fuller insights using Microsoft PowerBI for improv- ing working conditions and business ethics. Read details of our program  Magnesium dust collection system for improved safety With our suppliers, we co-created an innovative and cost effective wet system for magnesium dust collection. It is now accepted as a compliance method to meet China Central Safety Bureau Standard AQ4272-2016 for prevention of dust explo- sions. Worker hotline Our Worker Hotline program continues to provide a voice for workers to privately and safely express issues and concerns and achieve issue resolution in all our Tier 1 and select Tier 2 suppliers. “Children out of Mining” program We continue to grow our partnership with Pact to address child labor in the Dem- ocratic Republic of the Congo. The program has received international recognition and has reduced child labor by 77 to 97 percent over the course of the project to date. Learn about Pact  Mapped key raw materials to their origins We completed our mapping of the origination of key raw materials that are used in our complex and global upstream supply chain, to identify and prioritize areas of risk. Supplier diversity In FY17, Microsoft spent more than $2.6 billion with minority-, disabled-, veteran-, and woman-owned businesses, ranking among the top 20 companies globally for spending with diverse suppliers. We also expanded our supplier diversity program to businesses owned by those with disabilities and added new accessibility require- ments to our Supplier Code of Conduct. FY17 Reporting resources Microsoft’s Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Learn about our actions to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking in our business and supply chain. Microsoft Devices: Social and Environmental Accountability Report See key results of our Social and Environmental Accountability (SEA) audits and assessments. Microsoft Conflict Minerals Report Read the latest detailed results of our annual conflict minerals due diligence process and findings. Production Supplier List Each year, Microsoft publishes a list of our top 100 production suppliers for our commercially available devices. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 24 Our approach People Planet ResourcesPrinciples Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft provides a number of disclosures to help stakeholders evaluate how we are meeting our commitments. We collect and provide all of these reports in one place for easy reference or download. 2017 GRI Index Our 2017 report content contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. See our online GRI G4 Index for detailed data and additional information. Get the bigger picture Responsible sourcing This site provides more detailed information on Microsoft’s policies and programs related to our commitment to responsible sourcing. Learn about our responsible sourcing  Microsoft Supplier Code of Conduct This site provides downloads of Microsoft’s Supplier Code of Conduct in multiple languages and links to related resources including our Supplier Code of Conduct training program. Read the Supplier Code of Conduct  Responsible Sourcing of Raw Materials Policy Learn more about Microsoft’s raw materials sourcing strategy and programs. Read the policy  Supplier diversity This site provides an overview of Microsoft’s Supplier Diversity Program and links to resources, including a way for diverse suppliers to register their interest in working with Microsoft. Learn about supplier diversity  Microsoft sustainable devices Learn about Microsoft’s commitments to the environmental sustainability of our devices. Learn about sustainable devices  Visit these resources related to responsible sourcing across microsoft.com. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 25 Empowering our employees26 Accessibility30 Empowering communities32 People Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 26 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople Empowering our employees Our leadership is focused on bringing out the best in people, sup- porting their goals, and allowing them to find deep meaning in their work. Our commitment and approach At Microsoft, we strive to create a respectful, rewarding, diverse, and inclusive work environment that enables our employees to create products and services that help others to achieve more. Our culture Perhaps the most important driver of our success is culture. We fundamentally believe that we need a culture founded in a growth mindset. It starts with the belief that everyone can grow and develop; potential is nurtured, not predetermined; and anyone can change their mindset. Learn more about our mission and culture  Respecting human rights Through Microsoft’s Global Human Rights Statement, and as a signatory to the UN Global Compact, we’re committed to respecting the following human rights cove- nants and declarations: Universal Declaration of Human Rights  International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights  International Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights  International Labor Organization (ILO) Declaration of Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work*  *Those ILO principles are freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining; elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor; effective abolition of child labor; and elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. Compensation and benefits Our Performance and Development program applies to Microsoft employees glob- ally at every level of the organization to the extent permitted by local law. Stock- based compensation is a key component of our rewards programs at Microsoft, as it provides an ownership stake in the company’s success. Over 85 percent of Microsoft employees are eligible for an annual stock award. In addition, 90 percent of Mic- rosoft’s employees are eligible for a cash bonus. Bonuses focus on an individual’s business impact over the past year. Learn more about our benefits  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 27 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople Diversity and inclusion For more than two decades, our Global Diversity and Inclusion Office has evolved and enhanced the company’s diversity and inclusion initiatives so that we can con- tinue to meet the changing needs of our workforce and business. We are deeply committed to creating an inclusive environment where all employees can do their best work. Our commitment is based on strengthening our diversity and inclusion acumen; deepening leader and manager understanding of our diversity strategy and its value proposition; and increasing senior leader accountability for their diver- sity plans. Learn more about global diversity and inclusion at Microsoft  Training and development To support our growth mindset culture and meet the learning needs of our em- ployees around the world, we offer a diverse range of learning and development opportunities. We believe training is not limited to formal instruction, and our train- ing philosophy focuses on providing the right learning, at the right time, in the right way. Opportunities include: • Training in the classroom, online, and through videos, mobile apps, podcasts, and other formats in multiple languages. • On-the-job “stretch” opportunities for advancement. • Frequent promotion opportunities. • Coaching on career development through ongoing connections with managers. • Customized training for managers to enhance skills in coaching and mentoring. • Robust new employee orientation on a range of topics including exploration of our company values, culture and Standards of Business Conduct. Wellness and safety Microsoft is committed to supporting our employees’ well-being with compre- hensive benefits to help employees maximize their physical, financial, and social wellness. In addition, Microsoft’s Health and Safety program integrates appropriate practices into our operations, and works for continual improvement in employee health and safety. As part of this commitment: • Professionals assess the safety risks of Microsoft work activities and engage with workers and management to implement safe work practices, hazard controls, and training to minimize safety risks. • New workspaces and existing workspaces are periodically assessed to ensure they’re constructed with sound design-for-safety principles and so that controls are implemented effectively. • Microsoft involves employees and managers in Health and Safety Committees specific to our datacenters, retail operations, and our manufacturing facilities. Learn more about our culture of wellness and balance  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 28 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople FY17 Highlights We spent 2017 deepening our commitment to diversity and inclusion, offering our employees valuable training, and finding better ways to support both them and those they care about. Employee feedback counts In FY17, 86% of employees participated in an annual anonymous poll conducted by a third-party vendor. We received record high scores: 92% feel proud to work at Microsoft; 88% would recommend it as a great place to work. Ethical business decision making All Microsoft employees must complete annual training on our Standards of Busi- ness Conduct. The training course is available in 16 languages. In FY17, as in previ- ous years, we achieved a completion rate for the course of greater than 99 percent. Read the standards  Committed to diversity and inclusion Building on our commitment to create a more diverse Microsoft, we announced our dedication of resources against a range of priorities and initiatives focused on retention, culture, and pipeline expansion pivots. Hear from Gwen Houston  Family caregiver leave Microsoft is now offering its employees family caregiver leave, a new global benefit that will allow workers to take up to four weeks of fully paid leave to care for an immediate family member with a serious health condition. Read the announcement  FY17 Reporting resources Workforce demographics The demographics of our workforce will continue to serve as one measure of our progress toward a more diverse and inclusive Microsoft, and our contribution to the diversity of the tech industry at large. Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft provides a number of disclosures to help stakeholders evaluate how we’re meeting our commitments. We collect and provide all of these reports in one place for easy reference or download. 2017 GRI Index Our 2017 report content contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 29 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople Get the bigger picture Microsoft careers Microsoft is looking for the best and brightest talent. We invite candidates of all abilities to come as they are and do what they love. Explore Microsoft careers  Diversity plus inclusion equals success In over 20 years of committed diversity and inclusion efforts, we’ve learned that di- versity is not a finite goal; it is a journey that requires constant self-assessment and recommitment. Explore global diversity and inclusion  Microsoft Jobs Blog Read stories by and about employees, and get tips from recruiters about what it’s like to apply, interview, and work at Microsoft. Explore the JobsBlog  Inclusive hiring at Microsoft In order to build the best products for everyone, we need to have a diverse and inclusive workforce across all abilities. And we work toward that goal every day. Learn about inclusive hiring  Global Human Rights Statement Through Microsoft’s Global Human Rights Statement and as a signatory to the UN Global Compact, we’re committed to respecting human rights covenants and decla- rations. Read the statement  Microsoft stories Take a look at what Microsoft employees are doing around the world, from “solving” cancer to tracking down cybercriminals. Read our stories  We offer many key resources across microsoft.com to help visitors gain a more comprehensive understanding of our commitment to empower our employees. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 30 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople Accessibility Microsoft believes there are no limits to what people can achieve. Especially when technology reflects the diversity of its users and is accessible to all. Our commitment and approach Microsoft is committed to designing products and services that can be used by people of all abilities. With over one billion people with disabilities in the world, we’re passionate about ensuring that our products and services are designed for people of all abilities. Mic- rosoft’s Accessibility Standards are a company-wide policy that drives consideration for accessibility into every stage of production, including design, development, evaluation, and release. We’ve found that many of our accessibility-focused innovations and features allow us to deliver richer, more flexible experiences for a wider range of users—not just those with disabilities. We’re committed to transparency, accountability, and inclu- sion in our products and our culture, and we’re deeply inspired by the opportunity to work with people across the globe to explore what’s possible. FY17 Highlights We’re creating applications to be used by people of all abilities, and inclusive hiring programs to have a diverse workforce, building products that work for everyone. Expanding accessibility features We are committed to delivering technologies that empower people of all abilities to do more and have released significant accessibility enhancements in our latest products. Read about accessibility features  Driving innovation We continue to push the limits of what’s possible to empower people with disabili- ties through new innovations such as Seeing AI, Windows Eye Control, and Project Emma. Expanding inclusive hiring programs To build the best products for everyone, we need to have a diverse and inclusive workforce. Our inclusive hiring programs work to make that happen. Read about hiring programs  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 31 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople Get the bigger picture Microsoft accessibility Find information on Microsoft’s accessibility programs, product features, guides, and additional resources. Visit Microsoft’s Accessibility site  Developer resources Explore tools and information you can use to create the next generation of acces- sible technology. Discover developer resources  Inclusive hiring Learn about Microsoft’s inclusive hiring programs and get listings for accessibili- ty-related job openings. Learn about inclusive hiring  Inclusive design See how we’re evolving our design system to operate in a complex world. Learn about inclusive design  Microsoft Accessibility Feedback Share your ideas on what products, features, and tools would delight you, or vote for ideas you see posted by others. Visit the forum  Visit these key resources to learn more about our commitment to design products and services for people of all abilities. FY17 Reporting resources Providing conformance statements Microsoft provides conformance statements for global standards including section 508 requirements, EN 301 549 standard, and Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. We have also embraced the Trusted Tester program, developed by DHS’s Office of Accessible Systems & Technology. Read more at www.dhs.gov/trusted-tester. Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft provides a number of disclosures to help stakeholders evaluate how we’re meeting our commitments. We consolidate these reports in one place for easy reference or download. 2017 GRI Index Our 2017 report content contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 32 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople Empowering communities We work to drive greater economic opportunity, inclusion, and em- powerment of people around the globe. Our commitment and approach We leverage a broad set of resources in our quest to empower communities and individuals. Microsoft Philanthropies We believe technology is a powerful force for good in a rapidly changing world, and through Microsoft Philanthropies, we’re working to ensure that everyone has access to the economic opportunities it provides. Every day we donate nearly two million dollars in products and services to nonprofits and we’ve pledged to donate one billion dollars in cloud services to nonprofits and academic researchers over three years. Through our YouthSpark grants, we’re working with nonprofits in 58 countries to increase access to computer science education. Beyond philanthropy, the company advances community empowerment with com- mercial offerings and other programs. As a few examples: CityNext Through CityNext, Microsoft and its partners empower cities and citizens to unlock their potential by delivering innovative digital services that can help them lead safer and healthier lives, enriched by high-quality education. CityNext helps cities engage their citizens, empower city employees, optimize city operations and infrastructure, and transform and accelerate innovation and opportunity. The Microsoft Affordable Access Initiative The Microsoft Affordable Access Initiative seeks to empower the billions of people worldwide who do not have affordable access to the Internet. We believe we can spark global change by fueling innovation at the local level. Through partnerships, grants, investments, education, and advocacy, this project helps to create technol- ogy solutions, business models, and policies that help close the digital divide, with projects in 17 countries over the last five years. Microsoft’s 4Afrika Initiative Microsoft’s 4Afrika Initiative provides a set of programs to empower African youth, entrepreneurs, developers and business and civic leaders by with skill development, access to technology, and support for local innovation. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 33 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople FY17 Highlights We’re investing in the Cloud, making digital literacy accessible to young people, supporting refugees, and looking at ways to close the rural broadband gap in the U.S. once and for all. Technology for social impact In January 2016, we announced that Microsoft would donate more than $1 billion in cloud technology to non-profits and university researchers. We’ve achieved that goal a year early, donating cloud services to more than 90,000 non-profits, and we aren’t stopping there. In September, we announced a plan to more than triple the number of non-profits we’ll reach to 300,000 over the next three years. Learn more about nonprofit offers from Microsoft  Digital skills and computer science education To ensure all young people are equipped to participate in an increasingly digi- tal world, Microsoft invests in making digital skills—from digital literacy through computer science education—available to youth around the world, especially those youth least likely to have access. More than 80 percent of the students benefitting from YouthSpark grants and partnerships are from underserved communities, and more than half are female. Read about Microsoft YouthSpark  Humanitarian and refugee response In FY17, Microsoft Philanthropies provided more than $30 million in technology and cash donations to emergency response organizations and organizations serving refugees and displaced people including Mercy Corps, CARE, the International Res- cue Committee, and NetHope. We also provide digital skills resources for nonprofits working with refugees. Find out more  Affordable broadband access In addition to a new rural broadband strategy to close the rural broadband gap in the U.S. within five years, Microsoft also announced a Rural Airband Initiative. We’re investing in partnerships with telecommunications companies to bring broadband connectivity to two million people in rural America, increase digital skills training in rural communities, and catalyze investments by sharing technologies we’ve devel- oped. Read about the initiative  Donations and volunteerism In FY17, Microsoft Philanthropies donated more than $1.2 billion in software and services to non-profits worldwide as part of our focus on helping people get the skills and knowledge they need in today’s digital economy. In addition, our employ- ees continue to demonstrate their generosity, having raised a record-breaking $142 million through our Employee Giving Program in 2016. Read more about our commitment to make a difference  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 34 Our approach Principles Planet ResourcesPeople FY17 Reporting resources Data Factsheet: Donations and Volunteerism Download a report of Microsoft’s donation and volunteerism investments over the past three fiscal years. Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft provides many disclosures to help stakeholders evaluate how we are meeting our commitments. We collect and provide these reports in one place for easy reference or download. 2017 GRI Index Our 2017 report content contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. See our online GRI G4 Index for detailed data and additional information. Get the bigger picture Microsoft Philanthropies The Microsoft Philanthropies site provides information on the range of programs and strategies they pursue. Visit Microsoft Philanthropies  TEALS Information about the TEALS organization and opportunities to volunteer to teach computer science in U.S. high schools. Learn about TEALS  Microsoft Affordable Access Initiative Information about Microsoft programs and technologies designed to empower the billions of people worldwide who do not have affordable access to the Internet. Learn about the initiative  Visit these key resources across microsoft.com to learn more about our efforts to empower communities. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 35 Environmental sustainability36 Planet Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 36 Our approach Principles People ResourcesPlanet Environmental sustainability Microsoft is committed to leveraging technology to solve some of the world’s most urgent environmental issues, and focusing on key areas where we believe we can have the most positive impact. Our commitment and approach Focus areas We focus our environmental sustainability work in the five areas where we believe we can have the greatest positive impact—carbon, energy, water, ecosystems (in- cluding food, agriculture, and biodiversity), and circular economy (including waste reduction). Across these areas, we work to reduce our impact within our own opera- tions, collaborate with our partners to take advantage of digital transformations that reduce their footprint, and support innovation, R&D, and policies that help create a more sustainable future. Carbon We achieved carbon neutrality annually by improving operational efficiency, buying clean energy, and investing in carbon offset community projects. We fund both our carbon neutrality commitment and environmental innovation initiatives with our internal sustainability fee—charging our business groups for their emissions from electricity and air travel. We use our digital technology to decouple our economic growth from carbon emissions in our supply chain operations. And we disclose our carbon emissions and approach to climate change annually through CDP . Learn more about our carbon program  Energy We’ve committed to using 50 percent wind, solar, and hydropower electricity in our datacenters and campus by the end of 2018, to meet 60 percent early in the next decade, and to continue growing that percentage moving forward. We support the global clean energy transition by investing in technology research for smarter, greener grids, working to make clean energy more accessible and affordable, and backing clean energy policy. We increase the energy efficiency of our new devices and leverage the energy saving capabilities of Windows 10 to provide a better user experience while reducing consumer energy use. And we make our efforts acces- sible by reporting our energy consumption—including renewable energy procure- ment—annually through CDP . Learn more about our commitment to clean energy  Empowering every person and organization on the planet to thrive in a re- source-constrained world. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 37 Our approach Principles People ResourcesPlanet Water At Microsoft, we believe in the sustainable management of the water resources we use across our operations. To support this, we’re focused on increasing our under- standing of water-related risks and impacts to our business and to the communities we serve, setting meaningful goals, improving our water efficiency, and advancing innovative solutions to water challenges. Partnerships with companies like Ecolab, and technology innovations like the free, publicly-available Water Risk Monetizer tool, are not just helping Microsoft address its water-related risks—they’re also enabling other organizations to understand the true value, risks, and impacts of water in their operations. We make our efforts transparent by disclosing our annual water use, our water-related risks and governance of water through CDP . Further, we collaborate with our top spend production suppliers to achieve 95% reporting of water usage also through CDP . Learn more about the Water Risk Monetizer tool  Ecosystems Operationally, we’re investing in the long-term viability of ecosystems in the com- munities in which we operate. Through AI for Earth, we’re bringing together AI and cloud technologies, environmental science, and programmatic resources to empow- er people and organizations to solve global environmental challenges across water, agriculture, biodiversity, and climate change. Learn more about AI for Earth  Circular economy and waste reduction Our Puget Sound campus is zero-waste certified, and we’re working to reduce overall waste, and to divert at least 90 percent of our operational waste from land- fills. We design our products, buildings, and operations around resource reduction and reuse, enabling a more resource-efficient and productive economy. Microsoft is a member of over 150 recycling programs worldwide, covering electronics, batteries, and packaging. Learn more about our sustainable products  FY17 Highlights We’re focusing on water conservation, committing to renewable energy plans, and helping to optimize energy use and costs all over the world. Support a greener grid To support a greener grid, we’ve signed a large renewable energy deal to power our Wyoming datacenter entirely by wind. We’ve also made our datacenter’s back- up generators available to the local grid to boost reliability and capacity. Learn about our wind energy purchase  Innovating on carbon We’ve been carbon neutral since 2012, and we’re still innovating in this space. In 2017, we bought the first-ever carbon credits generated by US rice farmers—open- ing a new door in carbon markets for agriculture. Learn why we bought carbon offsets  Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 38 Our approach Principles People ResourcesPlanet Putting a spotlight on water Water is a growing focus for us, both internally and externally. With Ecolab, we launched the Water Risk Monetizer to help quantify the financial risks of operating in water-scarce areas of the world. Learn about the Water Risk Monetizer  Optimizing energy use in real time With the Smart Energy Azure Demonstration platform, consumers can optimize energy use, carbon emissions and costs. The tool lets households tailor energy use in real time based on when more clean energy is available on the grid. Discover the Smart Energy Azure Demonstration platform  Sustainability in product packaging In FY17 we reduced the weight of product packaging materials by 27 percent and decreased packaging related greenhouse gas emissions by 15 percent. Discover program management for sustainable packaging  Enhancing devices for energy efficiency The Surface Pro—with a faster CPU and display with accelerated inking—uses less energy than Surface Pro 4 and has a longer battery life: up to 13.5 hours.* Learn how we’re saving energy  *Up to 13.5 hours of video playback. Testing conducted by Microsoft in April 2017 using preproduction Intel Core i5, 256GB, 8GB RAM device. Testing consisted of full battery discharge during video playback. All settings were default except: Wi-Fi was associated with a network and Auto-Brightness disabled. Battery life varies significantly with settings, usage and other factors of the Surface Pro line and extend its battery life. FY17 Reporting resources Data Factsheet: Environmental Sustainability Find information on key environmental indicators including greenhouse gas emis- sions, energy consumption, water consumption and discharge, and waste. 2017 CDP Climate Change Response Read our response to the annual CDP climate change questionnaire, covering the FY16 reporting period. 2017 CDP Water Response Read our response to the annual CDP water questionnaire, covering the FY16 re- porting period. Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft provides a number of disclosures to help stakeholders evaluate how we’re meeting our commitments. We consolidate these reports in one place for easy reference or download. 2017 GRI Index Our 2017 report content contains Standard Disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. Sustainable Devices and Packaging Report Read about how we embed sustainability requirements directly into the business practices of our Devices organization and partners. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 39 Our approach Principles People ResourcesPlanet Get the bigger picture Microsoft Environment Visit this Microsoft website dedicated to highlighting our environmental sustainabil- ity work. Visit Microsoft Environment  Microsoft Green Blog Get news, updates, and opinions from the Microsoft Environmental Sustainability team about recent environmental events and activities. Visit the Microsoft Green Blog  CDP Climate Change Response Read Microsoft’s commitment to respond to climate change, and the role of tech- nology and governments in the transition to a low-carbon economy. Read the CDP Climate Change Response  Microsoft CityNext Innovative digital services and smart city innovations that can help citizens lead safer and healthier lives. Discover Microsoft’s CityNext  Environmental Compliance Specifications Online hub for environmental compliance specifications for Microsoft hardware, including restricted substances, packaging, and supplier conformance. Read our Environmental Compliance Specifications  Responsible Sourcing Summary Details on our strategy for the sourcing of raw materials for use in Microsoft hard- ware products through our Social and Environmental Accountability (SEA) program. Read the Responsible Sourcing Summary  Visit these key resources across microsoft.com to learn more about our efforts in environmental sustainability. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 40 Reports Hub41 GRI Index42 UN SDGs43 Resources Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 41 Our approach Principles People Planet Resources Microsoft Reports Hub Microsoft is committed to transparency to help our users make informed choices about how they use our products and services, and to help our stakeholders evaluate how we’re meeting our commitments to corporate social responsibility. Our Reports Hub provides easy-to-access reports that detail the scope of our efforts. 2017 CSR report content and supplemental resources We make it easy for our stakeholders to access, download, and share those reports that are relevant to their individual needs. This page presents sections of our FY17 CSR report by topic in PDF format, alongside related supplemental reports and resources. Our approach Our approach to reporting Microsoft Investor Relations Reports Governance of CSR Microsoft 2017 GRI G4 Index (PDF) UN Global Compact Communication on Progress Stakeholder Engagement in the Governance of Corporate Social Responsibility (DOC) Microsoft and the UN SDGs Whitepaper (PDF) Facts about Microsoft Microsoft Proxy Statement Microsoft Annual Reports Microsoft SEC Filings Subsidiaries Operation Centers Revenue and Headcounts Employment Information DSC Contributions to Achieving Select UN Sustainable Development Goals (PDF) Microsoft Devices: Social and Environmental Accountability Report (PDF) Microsoft DSC Collaborations (PDF) Conflict Minerals Report (PDF) Principles Digital Trust Reports Human rights Law Enforcement Requests for User Data Public Policy Advocacy Spending Top 100 Production Suppliers (PDF) Salient Human Rights Issue Report (PDF) Microsoft Report on the GNI Independent Assessment (PDF) GNI Annual Report Microsoft Response Business and Human Rights Resource Center MSPAC State Candidate Contributions H1 2017 (PDF)* MSPAC Federal Candidate Contributions H1 2017 (PDF)* MSPAC Non-Candidate Committee Contributions H1 2017 (PDF)* Microsoft Cloud Policy Roadmap U.S. National Security Orders for User Data Content Removal Requests Responsible sourcing Public policy engagement *For a full list of current and archived reports, please see our online Reports Hub. EEO-1 Report (PDF)Data Factsheet: Donations and Volunteerism (PDF) People Empowering our employees Sustainable Devices and Packaging Report (PDF) Empowering communities Accessibility Declarations for Accessibility Requirements Suitable for Public Procurement of ICT Products and Services in Europe (EN 301 549) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.0) U.S. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act Workforce demographics 2017 CDP Climate Change Response (PDF) Data Factsheet: Environmental Sustainability (PDF) 2017 CDP Water Response (PDF) Planet Environmental sustainability CDP Climate Reports - CDP .net CDP Water Reports - CDP .net Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 42 Our approach Principles People Planet Resources Global Reporting Initiative Index The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) provides the leading framework that corpo- rations use to guide their reporting on Corporate Social Responsibility efforts. It is based on input from a wide range of civil society organizations, labor groups, businesses, academics, and other experts. Our 2017 CSR Report content contains standard disclosures from the GRI’s G4 Sus- tainability Reporting Guidelines for FY17. We provide the GRI Content Index below to allow our stakeholders to readily find the disclosures throughout our report content. Download Microsoft 2017 GRI G4 Content Index Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 43 Our approach Principles People Planet Resources Microsoft and the UN Sustainable Development Goals In September 2015, the UN General Assembly agreed to 17 global Sustainable De- velopment Goals (SDGs) to reach by 2030. The goals and specific targets under the goals seek to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure prosperity for all. Microsoft’s mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more aligns strongly to the UN SDGs. To better understand how we and other information technology companies can advance the goals, Microsoft was a lead sponsor of a report by the Global E-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) and Accen- ture called “#SystemTransformation.” The report found that digital technology can help put all the SDGs within reach by enabling a broad range of economic and social opportunities worldwide. In September 2017, we produced a white paper to identify ways in which Microsoft contributes to the global effort to achieve the SDGs. (Read the report here.) As we continue to advance our thinking and work to address the SDGs, we’ll update this page with further information. Microsoft 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 44 Our approach Principles People Planet Resources This document is provided as is. Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet website references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal reference process. © 2017 Microsoft. All rights reserved. Bing, BizSpark, DreamSpark, Imagine Cup, Internet Explorer, Office, Office 365, Outlook, Microsoft, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft YouthSpark, PhotoDNA, OneDrive, Skype, Surface, Windows, Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Xbox LIVE, and Yammer are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. Please consider the environment before printing this report.