Relatório de Sustentabilidade 2024 | Klabin - Relatório de Sustentabilidade 2024 Skip to Main Content Menu Display Message from the Chair of the Board Message from the Chief Executive Officer Report Glossary RS Header Título Sustainability Report 2024 PT EN Menu Display Klabin KODS Corporate governance Renewable future Sustainable economy Prosperity for people R&amp;D and innovation ESG Highlights Menu Display Home Home3 Klabin Location Forest base Production destinations Logistics KODS Corporate governance Structure Practices Risks and internal controls Integrity Information technology Renewable future Climate change Emissions management Water use Waste management Sustainable economy Investments Supplier Biodiversity Prosperity for people Social investment Klabin’s culture Management and engagement Human capital development Occupational health &amp; safety R&amp;D and innovation Forest development Multiple uses of wood Innovation management New products Message from the Chief Executive Officer Message from the Chair of the Board Report Glossary Central de Download ESG Highlights QA testes Search Report Home teste Language Selector pt en PT EN Relatório de Sustentabilidade 2024 | Klabin Sustainability Report Highlights of the Company's performance and challennges in 2024 towards KSDGs. Environmental&nbsp; Risk management and impact mitigation related to climate change, as well as biodiversity care, and the responsible use of natural resources are priorities in Klabin’s environmental management. The Company advances in these areas by adopting internationally recognized practices, seeking new solutions, and engaging its employees in sustainability goals.&nbsp; link Slider1 US - 2024 Scope 3 emissions reduction Between 2022 and 2024, Klabin reduced its scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 17.4%, supported by the Value Chain Engagement Program. The Company encourages its partners to assess their own impacts and pursue process decarbonization. LEARN MORE Innovation in products The PineFluff® and PineFluff eXcel® solutions have a carbon footprint up to 64% lower than other types of fluff pulp, expanding the portfolio of products with a positive impact. LEARN MORE Biodiversity Klabin published its Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services Conservation Plan, aiming to achieve a net biodiversity gain by 2050. The Company’s actions include monitoring fauna and flora, rewilding initiatives, and controlling invasive exotic species in conservation areas. LEARN MORE Animal Welfare Certification Parque Ecológico Klabin (Klabin Ecological Park) received international certification for its care of wildlife species. With this achievement, Klabin became the only pulp and paper company to receive this award. LEARN MORE Social Klabin’s social initiatives encompass education, culture and citizenship, development, and environment areas. With a focus on local development, the Company maintains structured programs in communities near its operations.&nbsp; link Slider2 - US 2024 Território Circular Program Supported cooperatives experienced an average income increase of 86%, strengthening the circular economy and productive inclusion in the regions where Klabin operates. LEARN MORE Semeando Educação Program Operating in four states, the program benefited more than 28,000 students by promoting improvements in school management and learning. LEARN MORE Public management and infrastructure In 2024, 83% of the actions planned by the municipalities participating in the Klabin Transforma – Apoio à Gestão Pública Program were aligned with the Social Progress Index. Over 1,000 actions were planned and monitored across 14 municipalities. LEARN MORE Centro de Qualificação Profissional Klabin Klabin Center for Professional Development, opened in 2024 in the municipality of Telêmaco Borba, offers ongoing training for employees and opportunities for the entire community, strengthening the commitment to developing the local workforce. LEARN MORE Governance&nbsp; Klabin maintains governance practices based on integrity, transparency, and risk management. Technical committees, updated policies, and indicator monitoring strengthen corporate governance and the ethical conduct of business.&nbsp; link Slider3 - US 2024 Dow Jones highlight Klabin achieved its highest historical score on the Dow Jones Best-in-Class Indices (DJSI), with 88 points, solidifying its position among the global leaders in corporate sustainability. LEARN MORE Leadership recognition Klabin’s CEO was named Executive of the Year in Latin America, demonstrating the Company’s leading role in the ESG agenda. LEARN MORE Transparency For the first time, Klabin disclosed cash cost and capex projections, reinforcing the predictability of the Company’s business model. LEARN MORE Risk control Completion of the SoftExpert system implementation drives the standardization and revision of documents and policies. LEARN MORE Klabin in numbers&nbsp; menu destaques - blocks destaques 1 ing 22 industrial plants in Brazil and one in Argentina Over 18,000 direct employees menu destaques - blocks 3 ing 911 thousand hectares of forests are managed by Klabin, with 41% of which consist of native vegetation designated for conservation menu destaques - blocks 3 ing Production capacity of 1.6 metric tons of pulp per year Production capacity of 2.9 metric tons of paper per year Video Home Klabin 125 years&nbsp; In 2024, Klabin celebrates 125 years of a history of leadership in the paper and cellulose sector. From forests to paper packaging, the Company has reinvented itself and stood out for the excellence of its processes, product quality, and diversified portfolio. Download Vídeo"&gt;Your browser does not support the video tag. Play Cards Rodapé Download Center link KODS link ESG Panel link Other links Previous reports Contact klabin.com.br Download center GRI Summary ASG Panel Discover our networks @bioklabin @klabin.sa @klabinforyou Klabin.SA Klabin For You Klabin.SA Klabin.SA Klabin.SA Klabin Invest @KlabinSa Toolbar Lateral GRI ESG KODS Hidden © Copyright 2024 - Todos os direitos reservados à Klabin Navigation Menu Termos de uso | Política de Privacidade Search for content and people Search Bar